Filename: 16-6138 Dohrn Lease.pdf
Method: ocr
Pages: 28
Extracted: 2025-10-29T11:14:32.827036
============================================================


--- Page 1 ---

APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT NAA
NATIONAL APARTMENT ASSOCIATION
Date of Lease Contract: May 22, 2023) a 7 toaai
(when the Lease Contracts filled out) This is a binding document. Read carefully before signing.
Moving In — General Information
4. PARTIES. This Lease Contract is between you, the resident{s) | 6. RENTAND CHARGES. Unless modified by addenda, you will pay
(list all people signing the Lease Contract): $__1320.00 per month for rent, payable in advance and without
@risha Dohrn demand:
a at the on-site manager's office, or
i at our online payment site, or
at https: ///payments.gozego.com/login/pm
<> ——— Prorated rent of $__352.00 is due for the remainder of (check
ESE —— one}: ©) 1st month or CL) 2nd month, on :
Otherwise, you must pay your rent on or before the 1st day of each
: month (due date) with no grace period. Cash is unacceptable without
and us, the owner: Brisben Johnston Commons, UP our ior written permission. You must not withhold or offset rent
Ne eeee—EF—aSSS oe unless authorized by statute. We may, at our option, require at any
—————<—<—ooo—<__—~<;7;7;7 3} time that you pay all rent and other sums electronically, in cash,
rr —<—_ certified or cashier’s check, money order, or one monthly check
ee SS La ==. rather than multiple checks. At our discretion, we may convert any
(name of apartment community or title holder). and all checks via the Automated Clearing House (ACH) system for
Name of Person or Persons Authorized to Manage Apartment Community: the purposes of collecting payment. Rent is not considered accepted,
Perry Reid Properties if the payment/ACH is rejected, does not clear, oris stopped for any
reason. If you don't pay all rent on or before the_Sth day ofthe
You've agreed to rent Apartment No.__ 16-6138 _ at month, you'll pay a late charge. When rentis $700 or less, late charges
6138 Chapel Ridge Way shall not exceed $12 per day, or a total amount of $60 per month;
ee when rentis more than $700 per month, late charges shall not exceed
(streetaddressJin_____.._._=s Johnston $20 per day or a total amount of $100 per month. You'll also pay a
(city), lowa,___50131 __ (zip code) (the “apartment” or the charge of$,__25.00 for each returned check or rejected
“premises”) for use as a private residence only. The terms “you” and electronic payment, plus initial and daily late charges from due date
“your” refer to all residents listed above. The terms “we,” “us,” and until we receive acceptable payment. If you don’t pay rent on time,
“our” refer to the owner listed above {or any of owner's successors’ you'll be delinquent and all remedies under this Lease Contract will
in interest or assigns}. Written or electronic notice to or from our be authorized. We'll also have all other remedies for such violation.
managers constitutes notice to or from us. If anyone else has All payment obligations under this Lease Contract shall constitute
guaranteed performance of this Lease Contract, a separate Lease rent under this Lease Contract.
Contract Guaranty for each guarantor is attached.
7. UTILITIES, We'll pay for the following items, if checked:
2, OCCUPANTS. The apartment will be occupied only by you and O) water () gas Q)electricity ©] master antenna
(list all other occupants not signing the Lease Contract): J) wastewater trash _] cable TV
Brett Dohrn, Colton Szymezuk QM other Pest Conrol 0
i i You'll pay for all other utilities, related deposits, and any charges,
ooo fees, or services on such utilities. You must not allow utilities to be
= disconnected for any reason—including disconnection for not paying
eed your bills—until the lease term or renewal period ends, Cable
=) channels that are provided may be changed during the Lease Contract
i term if the change applies to all residents. Utilities may only be used
ee for norma! household purposes and must not be wasted. If your
EEE electricity is ever interrupted, you must use only battery-powered
ooo lighting. If your utility charges are determined by an individual
——— utility meter or an alternative formula, we will attach an addendum
oo to this Lease Contract in compliance with state agency rules or city
a . ordinance.
3. LEASETERM. The initial term of the Lease Contract begins on the
23rd dayof______June ___,_2023 and ends at | 3, INSURANCE. Wedonotmaintain insurance to cover your personal
11:59 pmthe 30th dayof_____dune __,_2024 property or personal injury. We are not responsible to any resident,
Renewal. This Lease Contract will automatically renew month- guest, or occupant for damage or loss of personal property or
to-month unless either party gives atleast__60 days written personal injury from (including but not limited to) fire, smoke, rain,
notice of termination or intent to move-out as required by paragraph flood, water and pipe leaks, hail, ice, snow, lightning, wind, explosions,
44 (Move-Out Notice). if the number of days isn’t filled in, at least 30 earthquake, interruption of utilities, theft, hurricane, negligence of
days notice required. other residents, occupants, or invited/uninvited guests or vandalism
unless such damage or loss is due to our negligence or we are liable
4. SECURITY DEPOSIT, Unless modified by addenda, the total security as otherwise required by law.
deposit atthe time of execution of this Lease Contract for all residents In addition, we urge all Residents, and particularly those residing
inthe apartmentis$__0.00 __ 00 » (not to exceed 2 months rent) in coastal areas, areas near rivers, and areas prone to flooding, to
due on or before the date this Lease Contract is signed. obtain flood insurance. Renter’s insurance may not cover damage
5. KEYS, You will be provided___2 apartment key(s),__1 to your property due to flooding. Aflood insurance feepmce which
mailbox key(s), 0 FOB(s), and/or 0 Ptheiaccess may be available includes the National Flood Insurance Program
device(s) for access to the building and amenities at no additional managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
cost at move-in. If the key, FOB, or other access device is lost or We @ require L) do not require you to get your own insurance
becomes damaged during your tenancy or is not returned or is for losses to your personal property or injuries due to theft, fire,
returned damaged when you move out, you will be responsible for water damage, pipe leaks and the like. [fno box is checked, renter’s
the costs for the replacement and/or repair of the same. insurance is not required.
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. Page Lof7


--- Page 2 ---

Additionally, you are {check one] id aquired to purchase personal PaymentforRekeying,’ _—_irs, Etc. You must pay forall repairs
liability insurance (] not requi 2 purchase personal liability or replacements arising . misuse or damage to devices by you
insurance. If no box is checked, personal liability insurance is not or your occupants, or guests during your occupancy. You may be
required, If required, failure to maintain personal liability insurance required to pay in advance if we notify you within a reasonable time
throughout your tenancy, including any renewal periods and/or after your request that you are more than 30 days delinquent in
lease extensions, may bean incurable breach of this Lease Contract reimbursing us for repairing or replacing a device which was misused
and may result in the termination of tenancy and eviction and/or or damaged by you, your guest or an occupant; or if you have
any other remedies as provided by this Lease Contract or state law, requested that we repair or change or rekey the same device during
the 30 days preceding your request and we have complied with your
9, LOCKS AND LATCHES. Keyed lock(s} will be rekeyed after the request. Otherwise, you must pay immediately after the work is
prior resident moves out. The rekeying will be done before you move completed,
into your apartment.
You may at any time ask us to change or rekey locks or latches during
the Lease Term. We must comply with those requests, but you must
pay for them, unless otherwise provided by law.
Special Provisions and “What If” Clauses
10,SPECIAL PROVISIONS, The following special provisions and any Disposition or Sale. Except for animals and property removed
addenda or written rules furnished to you at or before signing will after the death of a sole resident, we may throw away or give toa
become a part of this Lease Contract. These “Special Provisions” charitable organization all items of personal property that are: (1)
will override any sections of this lease in conflict with the Special left in the apartment after surrender or abandonment; or (2) left
Provisions. outside more than 1 hour after eviction is completed. Animals
See Additional Special Provisions removed after surrender, abandonment, or eviction may be kenneled
or turned over to local authorities or humane societies.
——_ __— —_———_ } 14. FAILING TO PAY FIRST MONTH'S RENT. [f you do not pay the
Ee —“—=S:—~‘<C first month’s rent when, or before, the Lease Contract begins, the
a Landlord shall be entitled to serve a Three-Day Notice of Nonpayment
See any additional special provisions. of Rent/Notice to Quit, pursuant to lowa Code §562A.27(2) and
11,EARLY MOVE-OUT. ffyou: §648.3, and pursue any and al! remedies available.”
(1) fail to give written move-out notice as required in paragraph | 15.RENT INCREASES AND LEASE CONTRACT CHANGES. No rent
44 {Move-Out Notice} or any other applicable law; or increases or Lease Contract changes are allowed before the initial
(2) move out without paying rent in full for the entire Lease Contract Lease Contract term ends, except for changes allowed by any special
term or renewal period; or provisions in paragraph 10 (Special Provisions), by a written
{3) move out at our demand because of your default; or addendum or amendment signed by you and us, or by reasonable
(4) are judicially evicted. changes of apartment rules allowed under paragraph 19 (Community
You may be liable for all rent owed at the time and as it becomes due Policies or Rules), {f, atleast S days before the advance notice period
under the terms of your lease agreement until the apartment is re- seierned to in paragraph 3 {Lease Term), we give you Me
rented and you agree to be liable for repaymentof any rent concession ofrentincreases or Lease Contract changes effective when the Lease
that was given to you. Contract term or renewal period ends, this Lease Contract will
automatically continue month-to-month with the increased rentor
42.DAMAGES AND REIMBURSEMENT. You must promptly reimburse Lease Contract changes. The new modified Lease Contract will begin
us for loss, damage, government fines, or cost of repairs or service on the date stated in the notice {without necessity of your signature}
in the apartment community due to a violation of the Lease Contract unless you give us written move-out notice under paragraph 44
or rules, improper use, negligence, or intentional conduct by you or (Move-Out Notice).
aaa ‘ . Unless the damage or , ;
your ces anda occupants li , liabl 146,DELAY OF OCCUPANCY. [If occupancy is or will be delayed for
for—and t for— 7 i t i construction, repairs, cleaning, or a previous resident's holding
1 to the following that If invit over, we're not responsible for the delay. The Lease Contract will
t ts’ li intentional acts: remain in force subject to: (1} reduction of rent on a daily basis
(id tod ind + (2)d fi during delay; and (2) your right to terminate as set forth below.
indow. 4 left rand (3) fi t t Termination notice must be in writing. After termination, you are
sto as ¢: iby i biects in lines exciusivel entitled only to refund of deposit(s} and any rent paid, Rent reduction
i t t. We may require payment at any time, or Lease Contract termination does not apply if delay is for cleaning
including advance payment of repairs for which you're liable. We or repairs that don’t prevent you from occupying the apartment.
have not waived our right to collect these payments from you if If there is a delay and we haven't given notice of delay as set forth
there is a delay in our demanding payment from you. immediately below, you may terminate up to the date when the
apartment is ready for occupancy, but not later.
13.PROPERTY LEFTIN APARTMENT. “Apartment” excludes common . . . Lae
areas but includes interior living areas and exterior patios, balconies, {1} Ifwe give eeiten notice to any of you when or after the initial
attached garages, and storerooms for your exclusive use, term as set forth in paragraph 3 (Lease Term)—and the once
states that occupancy has been delayed because of construction
Removal After Surrender, Abandonment, or Eviction. We or or a previous resident's holding over, and that the apartment
law officers may remove and/or store all property remaining in the will be ready on a specific date—you may terminate the Lease
apartment or in common areas (including any vehicles you or any Contract within 3 days of your receiving the notice, but not
occupant or guest owns or uses) if you are judicially evicted or if later.
you surrender or abandon the apartment (see definitions in . . . tags
paragraph 49 (Deposit Return, Surrender, and Abandonment)}. (2} If we give written notice to any of you before the initial term
as set forth in paragraph 3 (Lease Term) and the notice states
Storage. We may store, buthave no duty to store, property removed that construction delay is expected and that the apartment will
after judicial eviction, surrender, or abandonment of the apartment. be ready for you to occupy ona specific date, you may terminate
You must pay reasonable charges for our packing, removing, or the Lease Contract within 7 days after any of you receives
storing any property. written notice, but not later. The readiness date is considered
Redemption. If we've removed and stored property after the new initial term as set forth in paragraph 3 (Lease Term)
surrender, abandonment, or judicial eviction, you may redeem only for all purposes. This new date may not be moved to an earlier
by paying packing, removal and storage charges, We may return date unless we and you agree.
redeemed property at the place of storage, the management office,
orthe ean llan (atour option). We may require payment by cash, 17.AD VALOREM TAXES/FEES a CHARGES - ADDITIONAL RENT.
money order, or certified check. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, if, during the term ofthis Lease
Contract, any locality, city, state, or Federal Government imposes
upon us, any fee, charge, or tax, which is related to or charged by
the number of occupants, or by the apartment itself, such that we
are charged a fee, charge, or tax, based upon your use or occupancy
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. Page 2 of 7


--- Page 3 ---

ofthe apartment, we mayaddthis’ ‘ge as Additional Rent, during medical services as perry 1d by lowa Code 562A.27B(2}(e), and
the term ofthe Lease Contract, wit ty (30) days advance written any utility bili unpaid | u, which is then assessed to us for
notice to you. After this written notice {the amount or approximate payment.
amount of the charge, will be included), you agree to pay, as Additional
Rent, the amount of the charge, tax or fee imposed upon us, as a 18.DISCLOSURE RIGHTS. If someone requests information on you
resuit of your occupancy. As examples, these charges can include, or your rental history for law-enforcement, governmental, or
but are not limited to: any charges we receive for any zoning violation, business purposes, we may provide it.
sound, noise or litter charge; any charge under any nuisance or
chronic nuisance type statute, law enforcement and/or emergency
While You're Living in the Apartment
19. COMMUNITY POLICIES OR RULES. You and all guests and (3) has no current license plate or no current registration and/or
occupants must comply with any written apartment rules and inspection sticker; or
community policies, including instructions for care of our property. (4) takes up more than one parking space; or
Our rules are considered part of this Lease Contract. We may make (5) belongs to a resident or occupant who has surrendered or
reasonable changes to written rules in accordance with applicable abandoned the apartment; or
laws. (6) is parked in a marked handicap space without the legally
required handicap insignia; or
20.LIMITATIONS ON CONDUCT, The apartment and other areas (7) is parked in space marked for manager, staff, or guest at the
reserved for your private use must be kept clean and free of trash, office; or
garbage, and other debris. Trash must be disposed of at least weekly (8) blocks another vehicle from exiting; or
in appropriate receptacles in accordance with local ordinances, (9) is parked in a fire lane or designated “no parking” area; or
Passageways may be used only for entry or exit. You agree to keep (10) is parked in a space marked for other resident(s} or unit(s}; or
al] passageways and common areas free of obstructions such as (11)is parked on the grass, sidewalk, or patio; or
trash, storage items, and all forms of personal property. No person (12) blocks garbage trucks from access to a dumpster; or
shall ride or allow bikes, skateboards, or other similar objects in (13) belongs to a resident and is parked ina visitor or retail parking
the passageways. Any swimming pools, saunas, spas, tanning beds, space.
exercise rooms, storerooms, jaundry rooms, and similar areas must
be used with care in accordance with apartment rules and posted | 23.RELEASEOF RESIDENT. Unless you're entitled to terminate your
signs. Glass containers are prohibited in or near pools and all common tenancy under paragraphs 10 (Special Provisions), 16 (Delay of
areas. You, your occupants, or guests may not anywhere in the Occupancy), 32 (Responsibilities of Owner), 44 (Move-Out Notice),
apartment community: use candles or use kerosene lamps without or any other applicable law, you won't be released from this Lease
our prior written approval; cook on balconies or outside; or solicit Contract for any reason—including but not limited to voluntary or
business or contributions. Conducting any kind of business (including involuntary scheol withdrawal or transfer, voluntary or involuntary
child care services) in your apartmentor in the apartment community job transfer, marriage, separation, divorce, reconciliation, loss of co-
is prohibited—-except that any lawful business conducted “at home” residents, loss of employment, bad health, or death.
by computer, mail, or telephone is permissible if customers, clients,
patients, or other business associates do not cometo your apartment | 24.MILITARY PERSONNEL CLAUSE. All partiestothis Lease Contract
for business purposes, We may regulate: (1) the use of patios, agree to comply with any federal law, including, but not limited to
balconies, and porches; (2) the conduct of furniture movers and the Service Member's Civil Relief Act, or any applicable state law(s),
delivery persons; and (3) recreational activities in common areas. ifyou are seeking to terminate this Lease Contract and/or subsequent
; renewals and/or Lease Contract extensions under the rights granted
We may exclude from the apartment community, to the extent by such laws.
permitted by lowa statutes, guests or others who, in our judgment,
have been violating the law, violating this Lease Contract or any | 25, RESIDENT SAFETY AND PROPERTY LOSS. You andall occupants
apartmentrules, or disturbing other residents, neighbors, visitors, and guests must exercise due care for your own and others’ safety
or owner representatives. We may also exclude from any outside and security, especially in the use of smoke and carbon monoxide
area or common area to the extent permitted by Iowa statutes, a detectors, keyed deadbolt locks, keyless bolting devices, window
person who refuses to show photo identification or refuses to identify latches, and other access control devices.
a i peieelies 8 Tesiten cecupanijoriguestiaf aspecitie Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detectors, We'll furnish smoke and
resident in the community. ; . .
carbon monoxide detectors only if required by statute, and we'll test
You agree to notify us ifyou or any occupants are convicted of any them and provide working batteries when you first take possession.
felony, or misdemeanor involving a controlled substance, violence After that, you must test the smoke detectors and the carbon monoxide
to another person or destruction of property. You also agree to detectors on a regular basis, and pay for and replace batteries as
notify us if you or any occupant registers as a sex offender in any needed, unless the law provides otherwise. You must test automatic
state. Informing us of criminal convictions or sex offender registry fire alarms at the beginning of yourlease term and monthly thereafter.
does not waive our right to evict you. We may replace dead or missing batteries at your expense, without
prior notice to you. You must immediately report smoke and carbon
21.PROHIBITED CONDUCT. You, your occupants on guests, or the monoxide detector malfunctions to us. Neither you nor others may
guests ofany occupants, may not engage we the following activities: disable the smoke and carbon monoxide detectors. If you damage or
behaving ina loud or obnoxious manner; disturbing bi threatening disable the smoke and carbon monoxide detectors or remove a battery
the rights, comfort, health, safety, or convenience of others (including without replacing it with a working battery, you may be liable to us
ae agents aoe employees) ee oe the ap arpment community; for $100 plus one month's rent and actual damages as and ifpermitted
disrupting our business operations; manufacturing, delivering, by the Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant Law, lowa Code
possessing with intent to deliver, or otherwise possessing a controlled Chapter 562A. If you disable or damage the smoke and carbon
substance bs drug paraphernalia; engaging tn or threatening monoxide detectors, or fail to replace a dead battery or report
violence; possessing a weapon prohibited by state law; discharging malfunctions to us, you will be liable to us and others for any loss,
a firearm in the apartment community; displaying or possessing a damage, or fines from fire, smoke, or water,
gun, knife, or other weapon in the common area in a way that may
alarm others; storing anything in closets having gas appliances; Casualty Loss. We're not liable to any resident, guest, or occupant
tampering with utilities or telecommunications; bringing hazardous for personal injury or damage or loss of personal property from any
materials into the apartment community; or injuring our reputation cause, including but not limited to: fire, smoke, rain, flood, water and
by making bad faith allegations against us to others. pipe leaks, hail, ice, snow, lightning, wind, explosions, interruption
of utilities, theft, or vandalism unless such damage or loss is due to
22.PARKING. We may regulate the time, manner, and place of parking our negligence or we are liable as otherwise required by law. We have
all cars, trucks, motorcycles, bicycles, boats, trailers, and recreational no duty to remove any ice, sleet, or snow but may remove any amount
vehicles. Motorcycles or motorized bikes may not be parked inside with or without notice. During freezing weather, you must ensure
an apartment unit or on sidewalks, under stairwells, or in that the temperature in the apartment is sufficient to make sure that
handicapped parking areas. We may have unauthorized or illegally the pipes do not freeze (the appropriate temperature will depend
parked vehicles towed by following applicable state law procedures. upon weather conditions and the size and jayout of your unit). If the
A vehicle is unauthorized or illegally parked in the apartment pipes freeze or any other damage is caused by your failure to properly
community if it: maintain the heat in your apartment, you'll be liable for damage to
(1) hasa flat tire or other condition rendering it inoperable; or aa and other's property. Ifyou ask our Representarives Ly Pecicemt
(2} is on jacks, blocks or has wheel{s) missing: or services not contemplated in this Lease Contract, you will indemnify
us and hold us harmless from all liability for these services unless
such liability arises out of our negligence or fault.
2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. Page 3 of 7


--- Page 4 ---

Crime or Emergency. Dial 911 ‘mediately call local medical reasonably without subs’ ‘ally increasing your utility costs. We
emergency, fire, or police persont case of accident, fire, smoke, may turn off equipment’ -nterrupt utilities as needed to avoid
or suspected criminal activity, or other emergency involving imminent property damage or to perform work. [futilities malfunction or are
harm. You should then contact our representative. Unless otherwise damaged by fire, water, or similar cause, you must notify our
provided by law, we're not liable to you or any guests or occupants representative immediately. Air conditioning problems are not
for injury, damage, or loss to person or property caused by criminal emergencies. If air conditioning or other equipment malfunctions,
conduct of other persons, including theft, burglary, assault, vandalism, you must notify our representative as soon as possible on a business
or other crimes. We're not obliged to furnish security personnel, day. We’ll act with customary diligence to make repairs and
security lighting, security gates or fences, or ather forms of security. reconnections. Rent will not abate in whole or in part unless authorize
If we provide any access control devices or security measures upon under Iowa law.
ad Pr operty, econ One eg > Pi ee lf we believe that fire or catastrophic damage is substantial, or that
the risk of crime on the property. Youagree thatno access control or performance of needed repairs poses a danger to you, we may
security measures can eliminate all crime and that you will not rely terminate your tenancy within a reasonable time by giving you
upon any provided access coma or security measures asa warranty written notice. If your tenancy is so terminated, we'll refund prorated
or guarantee ofany kind. We re not responsible for obtaining criminal- rent and all deposits, less lawful deductions.
history checks on any residents, occupants, guests, or contractors in
the apartment community. [fyou or any occupant or guestis affected | 2g ANIMALS. Unless otherwise provided under federal, state, or
by acrime, you must make a written report to our representative and iocal law, no animals (including mammals, reptiles, birds, fish,
to the appropriate local law-enforcement agency. You also must furnish rodents, and insects) are allowed, even temporarily, anywhere in
us with the law-enforcement agency’s incident report number upon the apartment or apartment community unless we've so authorized
request. in writing. You must remove an illegal or unauthorized animal within
24 hours of notice from us, or you will be considered in default of
26.CONDITION OF THE PREMISES AND ALTERATIONS. You accept this Lease Contract. In the event you possess an animal in violation
the apartment, fixtures, and furniture as is, except for conditions of this paragraph, we shall be entitled to serve a Notice of
materially affecting the health or safety of ordinary persons. We Noncompliance, pursuant to the terms of lowa Code §562A.27(1)}
eee US ome: wecee cee eauivesiby one and pursue any and all remedies available. If we allow an animal as
Statutes. You Il be given an Inventory and Condition form on or before a pet, you must execute a separate animal addendum which may
mca You must pote onthe oe all defects or damage and petuen require additional deposits, rents, fees or other charges. An animal
ute our representative. Otherwise, everything will be considered | deposit is considered a general security deposit. We will authorize
to be ina clean, safe, and good working condition. an assistance animal for a disabled person. When allowed by
You must use customary diligence in maintaining the apartment and applicable laws, before we authorize an assistance animal, if the
not damaging or littering the common areas. Unless authorized by disability is not readily apparent, we may require a written statement
statute or by usin writing, you must not perform any repairs, painting, from a qualified professional verifying the disability-related need
wallpapering, carpeting, electrical changes, or otherwise alter our for the assistance animal. If we authorize an assistance animal, we
property. No holes or stickers are allowed inside or outside the may require you to execute a separate animal and/or assistance
apartment. But we'll permit a reasonable number of smali nail holes animal addendum. Animal deposits, additional rents, fees or other
for hanging pictures on sheetrock walls and in grooves of wood- charges will not be required for an assistance animal needed due
paneled walls, unless our rules state otherwise. No water furniture, to disability, including an emotional support or service animal, as
washing machines, additional phone or TV-cable outlets, alarm authorized under federal, state, or local law. You must not feed stray
systems, or lock changes, additions, or rekeying is permitted unless or wild animals.
statutorily allowed or we've coueeueed { writing, ou may lnetall a {f you or any guest or occupant violates animal restrictions (with
satellite dish or antenna provided you sign our satellite dish or or without your knowledge), you'll be subject to charges, damages,
antenna lease addendum which complies with reasonable restrictions eviction, and other remedies provided in this Lease Contract. If an
allowed by federal law. You agree not to alter, damage, or on animal has been in the apartment at any time during your term of
our property, including alarm systems, smoke and carbon monoxide occupancy (with or without our consent), we'll charge you for
detectors, furniture, telephone and cable TV wiring, screens, locks, defleaing, deodorizing, and shampooing. Initial and daily animal-
and po control devices. hed you ad m, pe ll supply light violation charges and animal-removal charges are liquidated
bulbs for fixtures we furnish, including exterior fixtures operated damages for our time, inconvenience, and overhead (except for
from inside the apartment; after that, you'l) replace them at your attorney’s fees as and if permitted by the Uniform Residential
expense with bulbs of the same type and wattage. Your improvements Landlord and Tenant Law, lowa Code Chapter 562A and litigation
pou gpagen ok w leeegor not we consent} become ours unless costs) in enforcing animal restrictions and rules. We may remove
we agree otherwise in writing. an unauthorized animal by following the procedures of paragraph
27.REQUESTS, REPAIRS, AND MALFUNCTIONS. 1F YOU OR ANY 33 (Default by Resident).
OCCUPANT NEEDS TO SEND A NOTICE OR REQUEST—FOR EXAMPLE, 29.WHEN WE MAYENTER, We may enter the Apartmentat any time,
Aeron Ea GeeC nach Flo een ee eee with or without your permission, in cases of emergency. For all other
MATTERS—IT MUST BE SUBMITTED THROUGH EITHER THE ONLINE occasions, we may enter at reasonable times after providing you
TENANT/MAINTENANCE PORTAL, OR SIGNED AND IN WRITING with 24 hours written notice. If you are absent from the apartment
au Deer TO OUR DESIGNATED pEPRESED A) ne (except for more than 14 days, we may enter at a reasonable time.
in case of fire, smoke, gas, explosion, overflowing sewage,
uncontrollable running water, electrical shorts, or crimein progress). | 39,JOiNT AND SEVERAL RESPONSIBILITY. You are individually
Our written notes on your oral request do not constitute a written responsible for ail Lease Contract obligations. You are also responsible
request from you. for all other residents’ Lease Contract obligations. If you or any guest
Our complying with or responding to any oral request regarding or occupant violates the Lease Contract or rules, afl residents are
security or non-security matters doesn’t waive the strictrequirement considered to have violated the Lease Contract. Notices and requests
for written notices under this Lease Contract. You must promptly from any resident or occupant {including notices of tenancy
notifyus in writing of: water leaks; electrical problems; malfunctioning termination, repair requests, and entry permissions) constitute
lights; broken or missing locks or latches; and other conditions that notice from all residents. Security deposit refunds may be by one
pose a hazard to property, health, or safety. We may change or install check jointly payable to all residents; the check and any deduction
utility tines or equipment serving the apartment if the work is done itemizations may be mailed to one resident only.
31.REPLACEMENTS AND SUBLETTING. Replacing a resident, (3) you will remain liable for all Lease Contract obligations for the
subletting, assignment, or granta right or license to occupy is allowed rest of the original Lease Contract term.
only when we expressly consent in writing. Ifdeparting or remaining Procedures for Replacement. If we approve a replacement
residents finda replacement resident acceptable to us before moving resident, then, at our option: (1) the replacement resident must sign
out and ne expressly consent, toe writing, bi the replacement, this Lease Contract with or without an increase in the total security
subletting, assignment, or granting a right or any license to occupy, deposit; or (2) the remaining and replacement residents must sign
then: an entirely new Lease Contract. Unless we agree otherwise in writing,
(1) are-renting charge will not be due; your security deposit will automatically transfer to the replacement
(2) anadministrative (paperwork) and/or transfer fee wif/be due, resident as of the date we approve, The departing resident will no
and a rekeying fee will be due if rekeying is requested or longer have a right to occupancy or a security deposit refund.
required; and
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. Page 4 of 7


--- Page 5 ---

| { Responsibilities of Owner and Resident |
32.RESPONSIBILITIES OF OWNER. We'll act with customary If you breach this Lease Contract for any reason {other than your
diligence ta: failure to pay rent), we will issue to you a written seven day notice
(1) keep common areas reasonably clean, subject to paragraph 26 to cure. ifyou do not cure the breach within this 7 day period, your
(Condition of the Premises and Alterations); tenancy is terminated and we may pursue all remedies and all rights
(2) maintain fixtures, furniture, hot water, heating and A/C afforded to us under this Lease Contract and lowa law.
equipment; Termination. Termination of the tenancy, whether initiated by
(3) comply with applicable federal, state, and local laws regarding the Landlord or not, does not terminate the Tenant’s contractual
safety, sanitation, and fair housing; and obligation to pay sums due under the lease. A Tenant who vacates
(4) make all reasonable repairs, subject to your obligation to pay during the lease term is responsible for rent payments until the
for damages for which you are liable. , lease expires or the apartment is re-rented.
If we violate any of the above, you may terminate your tenancy and Holdover. You or any occupant, invitee, or guest must not hold
exercise other remedies under state statute by following this over beyond the date contained in your move-out notice or our notice
procedure: to vacate (or beyond a different move-out date agreed to by the
(a) you must make a written request for repair or remedy of the parties in writing). If a holdover occurs, then: (1) holdover rent is
condition; due in advance ona daily basis and may become delinquent without
(b) after receiving the request, we have areasonable time to repair, notice or demand; (2) rent for the holdover period will be increased
considering the nature of the problem and the reasonable by 25% over the then-existing rent, without notice; (3) you'll be
availability of materials, labor and utilities; liable to us for all rent for the full term of the previously signed
(c} ifwe haven't diligently tried to repair within a reasonable time, ari sual the anew resident LER U Is coeny becuse ae
you must then give us written notice of intent to terminate your oldover; and (4) at our option, we may exten oe ontract
tenancy unless the repair is made within 7 days; and term—for up to one month from the date of notice of Lease Contract
(a) if repair hasn't been made within 7 days, you may terminate extension—by delivering written notice to you or your apartment
your tenancy and exercise other statutory remedies. Security while you continue to hold over.
deposits and prorated rent wil! be refunded as required by law. Remedies Cumulative. Any remedies set forth herein shall be
Pp P q y
cumulative, in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other remedies
33,.DEFAULT BY RESIDENT. You'll be in default if you or any guest available to Landlord under any applicable law.
or occupant violates any terms of this Lease Contract including but Other R di w ' id eh di
not limited to the following violations: (1) you don’t pay rent or other t Oy ia a es a repor ae ei dee eee
amounts that you owe when due; {2) you or any guest or occupant agencies. cia e an an miter ue cen ¥, you aire Lo ie el
violates the apartmentrules, or fire, safety, health, or crimina} laws, a BEL e i e a4 h ee ace tia d f —
regardless of whether or where arrest or conviction occurs; (3) you Beene eres ee 7 eta a  amaerasena Pe
abandon the apartment; (4) you give incorrect or faise answers in have all other legal remedies, including tenancy eon 5
arental application; (5) you or any occupant is arrested or convicted, aliowed by lowa law, the prevailing party, in a lawsuit under this
or involving possession, manufacture, or delivery of a controlled contract, may recover any litigation costs, Late charges are liquidated
substance, marijuana, or drug paraphernalia; (6) any illegal drugs damages for our time, inconvenience, and overhead in collecting
or paraphernalia are found in your apartment; (7} you or occupant late rent (but are not for attorney's fees as and if permitted by the
engages in any of the prohibited conduct described in paragraph Uniform Residential Landlord and ienan Law, lowa Code Chapter
24 (Prohibited Conduct); or (8) you or any occupant, in bad faith, 562A and litigation costs), All unpaid amounts shalt bear interest
makes an invalid complaint to an official or employee of a utility at the maximum rate permitted by law per year omc date,
company or the government. compounded annually. You must pay all collection-agency fees if
j = you fail to pay all sums due within 10 days after we mail you a letter
Eviction. Ifyou fail to pay rent we will issue a 3 Day Notice to Pay demanding payment and stating that collection agency fees will be
Rent pursuant to Iowa law. If you fail to pay rent within this 3 day added if you don't pay all sums by that deadline.
period, your tenancy is terminated and we may pursue all remedies Mitigati fD. if \ Nl be subj
and all rights afforded to us under this Lease Contract and lowa itigation a ae een td an ere athe, you i a We'll
law, including filing a forcible entry and detainer action with a court to paragrap ( arly Move- Cee clare ioe bala
of competent jurisdiction exercise customary diligence to re-rent and mitigate the amount
, you owe us. We'll credit all subsequent rent that we actually receive
from subsequent residents against your liability for past-due and
future rent and other sums due.
| General Clauses
34.ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Neither wenor any of our representatives C. No employee, agent, or management company is personally liable
have made any oral promises, representations, or agreements. This for any of our contractual, statutory, or other obligations merely
Lease Contract is the entire agreement between you and us. by virtue of acting on our behalf.
i=]
D. This Lease Contract binds subsequent owners. Neither an invalid
35.NO AUTHORITY TO AMEND UNLESS IN WRITING. clause nor the omission of initials on any page invalidates this
Our representatives (including management personnel, employees, Lease Contract.
and agents) have no authority to waive, amend, or terminate this E, All provisions regarding our non-liability and non-duty apply to
Lease Contract or any part ofit, unless in writing, and no authority our employees, agents, and management companies.
to make promises, representations, or agreements that impose F. This Lease Contract is subordinate or superior to existing and
security duties or other obligations on us or our representatives future recorded mortgages, at lender's option.
untess in writing. G. All Lease Contract obligations must be performed in the county
where the apartment is located.
36.NO WAIVER. No action or omission of our representative will be H. Cable eieenpi that are provided may be changed during the
considered a waiver of any subsequent violation, defauit, or time or Lease Contract term if the change applies to all residents.
place of performance. Our not enforcing or belatedly enforcing 1, Utilities may be used only for normal household purposes and
written-natice requirements, rental due dates, acceleration, liens, must not be wasted. If your electricity is ever interrupted, you
or other rights isn’t a waiver under any circumstances. must use only battery-operated lighting.
37.NOTICE. Except when notice or demand is required by statute J. Alldiscretionary rights reserved for us within this Lease Contract
you waive any notice and demand for performance from usif you i ee addenda are at our sole and absolute
default. Written notice to or from our managers constitutes notice iscretion.
to or from us. Any person giving a notice under this Lease Contract | 39 coNTACTING YOU. By signing this lease, you are agreeing that
a retain rik a cir ane be fax vie was given. Fax we, our representative(s) or agent(s) may contact you. You agree
signatures are binding. All notices must be signed. that we may contact you using any contact information relating to
38.MISCELLANEOUS your lease including any number (i) you have provided to us (ii)
A. if we exercise one legal right against you, we stil! have all other nom which you called us) OF {iil) which we obtained and through
legal rights available in any legat proceeding against you which we reasonably believe we can reach you. You agree we may
B. Insurance subrogation is waived by all parties , use any means to contact you. This may include calls made to your
. > =P ‘. cellular telephone using an automatic telephone dialing system,
© 2023, National Apartment Association, inc. f¥] Blue Moon eSsignature Services Document ID: 375548500 Page 5 of 7


--- Page 6 ---

artificial or prerecorded voice mes _ text messages, mail, e-mail, Furthermore, if such an ¢ damages the property to materially
and calls to your phone or Voice ovei ....zrnet Protocol (VoIP) service, affect its habitability by su.... or all residents, we reserve the right
or any other data or voice transmission technology. You agree to to vacate any and all leases and you agree to excuse us from any
promptly notify us if you change any contact information you provide further performance of obligations and undertakings hereunder,
to us. You are responsible for any service provider charges as a to the full extent allowed under applicable law.
result of us contacting you.
42,PAYMENTS, At our option and without notice, we may apply money
40.O0BLIGATION TO VACATE. If we provide you with a notice to received (other than sale proceeds under paragraph 13 (Property
vacate, or if you provide us with a written notice to vacate orintent Left in Apartment) or utility payments subject to governmental
to move-out in accordance with the Lease Terms paragraph, and regulations} first to any of your unpaid obligations, then to current
we accept such written notice, then you are required ta vacate the rent—regardless of notations on checks or money orders and
Apartment and remove all of your personal property therefrom at regardless of when the obligations arose. All sums other than rent
the expiration of the Lease term, or by the date set forth in the notice are due upon our demand.
to vacate, whichever date is earlier, without further notice or demand
from us. 43.ASSOCIATION MEMBERSHIP. We represent that either: (1} we
or; (2) the management company that represents us, is at the time
41.FORCE MAJEURE. lf we are prevented from completing of signing this Lease Contract or a renewal of this Lease Contract,
performances of any obligations hereunder by an act of God, strikes, a member of both the National Apartment Association and any
epidemics, war, acts of terrorism, riots, flood, fire, hurricane, tornado, affitiated state and local apartment (multi-housing) associations
sabotage, or other occurrence which is beyond the control of the for the area where the apartment is located,
parties, then we shall be excused from any further performance of
obligations and undertakings hereunder, to the full extent allowed
under applicable Jaw,
When Moving Out
44,MOVE-OUT NOTICE, Before moving out, either at the end of the a. The Security Deposit may not be used as rent. The Tenant expressly
lease term, any extension of the lease term, or prior to the end of acknowledges that the Security Deposit may not be applied to
the lease term, you must give our representative advance written rent for the last month of the tenancy. If rent is unpaid, the
notice of your intention to vacate as required by paragraph 3 (Lease Landlord may elect to terminate the tenancy and evict the Tenant,
Term}. Ifyou move out prior to the end of the lease term, your notice regardless of the amount of the Security Deposit held by the
does not act as a release of liability for the full term of the Lease Landlord.
rai Subject to our mitigation efforts, you will still be liable b. Ifthe Security Deposit is held in an interest-bearing account, the
for the entire Lease Contract eda if you move out early (see Tenant will receive the interest thereon after the first five (5)
paragraph 23 - Release of Resident) exceptifyou are able to terminate years. Any interest earned on the Security Deposit during the
the Lease Contract under the statutory rights explained under first five (5) years of tenancy shall be the property of the Landlord.
paragraphs i1 (Early Move-Out), 23 (Release of Resident), or any
other applicable law. All notices to vacate must be in writing and c. At the termination of tenancy, the Security Deposit shall be
must provide the date by which you intend to vacate. If the notice disbursed pursuant to lowa Code §562A.12, The tenant must
does not comply with the time requirements of paragraph 3 (Lease vacate the Rental Unit, return all keys, and provide the Landlord
Term), even if you move by the last date in the lease term, you will with a mailing address or delivery instructions upon move-out.
be responsible for an additional month’s rent. If you fail to vacate
by the date set forth in your notice, you will automatically and 49.DEPOSIT RETURN, SURRENDER, AND ABANDONMENT. .
immediately become a holdover tenant pursuant to state law, and Deposit Return and For warding Address. You are required to
we will have al] remedies available under this Lease Contract and provide us written notice of your forwarding address, on or before
state law. termination of this Lease Contract. We'll mail you, to the forwarding
address you provide, your security deposit refund (less lawfu!
45.MOVE-OUT PROCEDURES. The move-out date can’t be changed deductions} and an itemized accounting of any deductions within
unless we and you both agree in writing. You won't move out before 30 days of the termination of the tenancy and receipt of forwarding
the Lease Contract term or renewal period ends unless all rent for address or other delivery instructions you provide. If you fail to
the entire Lease Contract term or renewal period is paid in full. provide us with your forwarding address in writing, as required
Early move-out may result in re-renting charges and acceleration above, we will mail your security deposit refund (less lawful
of future rent under paragraphs 11 (Early Move-Out) and 33 (Default deductions} and an itemized accounting of any deductions to your
by Resident). You're prohibited from applying any security deposit last known address.
to rent. You won't stay beyond the date you are supposed to move Surrender. You have surrendered the apartment when: (2) the
out. Altresidents, guests, and occupants must abandon the apartment move-out date has passed and no one is living in the apartment in
before the 30-day period for deposit refund begins. You must give our reasonable judgment; or (2) all apartment keys and access
us and the U.S. Postal Service, in writing, each resident's forwarding devices listed in paragraph 5 (Keys) have been turned in where rent
address. is paid—whichever date occurs first.
46.CLEANING. You must thoroughly clean the apartment, including Abandonment. You have abandoned the apartment when ail of
doors, windows, furniture, bathrooms, kitchen appliances, patios, the following have occurred: (1) everyone appears to have moved
balconies, garages, carports, and storage rooms. You must follow out in our reasonable judgment; (2) clothes, furniture, and personal
move-out cleaning instructions if they have been provided. If you belongings have been substantially removed in our reasonable
don't clean adequately, you may be liable for reasonable cleaning judgment; (3) you've been in default for non-payment of rent for 5
charges. consecutive days, or water, gas, or electric service for the apartment
not connected in our name has been terminated; and (4} you've not
47,MOVE-OUT INSPECTION. You should meet with our representative responded for 2 days to our notice left on the inside of the main
for a move-out inspection. Our representative has no authority to entry door, stating that we consider the apartment abandoned. An
bind or limit us regarding deductions for repairs, damages, or apartment is also “abandoned” 10 days after the death of a sole
charges. Any statements or estimates by us or our representative resident.
ae subject i be correction, modification, or disapproval before Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction ends your right of
final refunding or accounting. possession for all purposes and gives us the immediate right to:
48.SECURITY DEPOSIT DEDUCTIONS AND OTHER CHARGES. clean up, make repairs in, and relet the apartment; determine any
At the time of the execution of this Lease, the Tenant shall pay to security deposit deductions; and remevelproperty i ene
the Landiord intrust the sum stated in paragraph 4 (Security Deposit gpauement: Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction affect
paragraph) {not to exceed two months’ periodic rent, pursuant to your rights to property left in the apartment {paragraph ny “
Towa Code §562A.12{1)) to be held and disbursed as a Security Property Left in Apartment), but do Us attect our mitigation
Deposit obligations (paragraph 33 - Default by Resident).
posit,
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. Page 6 of 7


--- Page 7 ---

a 5 nn Se
Se _ability, Originals and Attachments, and Sig _ures

50.SEVERABILITY. Ifany provision of this Lease Contractisinvalid | Address and phone number of owner’s representative for notice

or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be | purposes

ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only | g999 Clark Lane Johnston IA

without invalidating or otherwise affecting the remainder ofthis |~ = = ©.

Lease Contract. The court shallinterprettheleaseand provisions | ~~  —<—~S~;~C~CO™”W”W”O”OSOSOSOOO

herein in a manner such as to uphold the valid portions of this Lease (515)251-4592,——SSC~C‘“‘“CSCs‘“C;S*stsS } 251-4592

Contract while preserving the intent of the parties.

Date form is filled out (same as on top of page 1)

51.ORIGINALS AND ATTACHMENTS. This Lease Contract has been 05/22/2023

executed in multiple originals, with original signatures, We will . ,

provide you with a copy of the Lease Contract. Your copy of the Lease Name and address of locater service (if applicable)

Contract may be in paper format, in an electronic format at your

request, or sent via e-mail if we have communicated by e-mail about

this Lease. Our rules and community policies, if any, will be attached

to the Lease Contract and provided to you at signing. When an

Inventory and Condition form is completed, you should retain a Resident or Residents (all sign below)

copy, and we should retain a copy. Any addenda or amendments you

sign asa part of executing this Lease Contract are binding and hereby Fatah Thon

incorporated into and made part of the Lease Contract between you

and us, This lease is the entire agreement between you and us. You

acknowledge that you are NOT relying on any oral representations, |< _—@ 2-2-0

A copy or scan of this Lease Contract and related addenda,

amendments, and agreements may be used for any purpose and

shall be treated as an original. ————_—_—_—_—__——
You are legally bound by this document. Please read it carefully. | Owner or Owner's Representative (signing on behalf of owner)

Before submitting a rental application or signing a Lease fordyn Powe
Contract, you may take a copy of these documents to review and/
or consult an attorney.
Additional provisions or changes may be made in the Lease
Contract ifagreed to in writing by all parties.

SPECIAL PROVISIONS (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2) *_No cash or money order Payments allowed* 60 day written
notice much be received prior to the first day of the month prior to the last full calendar
month of termination. Same rules apply to terminate a month to month tenancy. $50 two
bedroom, $60 Three bedroom Eco Fee for water, sewer, refuse, and storm water for market
apartments.
2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. IV Blue Moon eSignature Services Document Ib: 375548500 |rY 2023 Page 7 of 7 2


--- Page 8 ---

ANIMAL ADDENDUM NAA
HATWORAL APARTMENT ASSOCIATION

Please note: We consider animals a serious responsibility and a risk to each resident in the apartment. Ifyou do not properly

control and care for an animal, you'll be held liable if it causes any damage or disturbs other residents.

1. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION, 6. LIABILITY NOT LIMITED. The additional monthly rent and
Apt.No,____—« 16-6138 i, 6138 Chapel _ additional security deposit under this Animal Addendum do
Ridge Way not limit residents’ liability for property damages, cleaning,
ce  fStreet address) in deodorization, defleaing, replacements, or personal injuries.

Johnston
(city), lowa, 50131 (zip code). 7, DESCRIPTION OF ANIMAL(S). You may keep only the
animal(s} described below. You may not substitute any other

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. animal(s). Neither you nor your guests or occupants may bring
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 000 any other animal(s)—mammal, reptile, bird, amphibian, fish,
Owner’s name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP _ rodent, arachnid, or insect—into the apartment or apartment

community.
Cn Animal's name: Taz
—_-———____—__—_.—__ Type: Dog a en
— Ss Breed: American Staffordshire
Residents (list all residents): Color: Brindle
Trisha Dohrn Weight: 55 Age: 3
oS ——~—~:s City oflicense: West Des Moines
$$ License no.
—— O_O _— um —- Date oflast rabies shot: 05/08/2023)
——— Housebroken? Yes
—_ FF 0” Animal owner'sname: Trisha Dohrn
Animal's name:
oe Type:
Breed: a
The term of this Addendum is as follows: Color:
Begins on June 23rd 2023 and Weight: Ages
endson____— dune 30th sj, 2024 City oflicense:_
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above License mo.t —__
: F : Date of last rabies shot:
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, TT
: : . Housebroken?
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease : i ”
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this Animal owner's name:
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found — Te
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. oe ———,,_— —

3. A. 2 NOAPPROVED ANIMALS. Ifthisboxis checked, you A@#mal's mame: HJ ____________
are not allowed to have animals (including mammals, reptiles, = = ==
birds, fish, rodents, and insects), even temporarily, anywhere Color: TCS
in the apartment or apartment community unless we've fel

A P oe Fi : Weight: Age:
authorized so in writing. We will authorize support and/or City of license:
service animals for you, your guests, and occupants pursuant Li ye ——_—  —_— - =
to the parameters and guidelines established by the Fair Ran ae ~-_ = — hot:
Housing Act, HUD regulatory guidelines, and any applicable sD la Tables STC
state and/or local laws. Bb tsebtoken — = — ~~ Sts
Animal owner's name: —_-
B. X} CONDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION FOR ANIMAL.
lfthis box is checked, you may keep the animal thatis described
below in the apartment until the Lease Contract expires. But _ = == —=
we may terminate this authorization sooner if your right of Animal’s name: —
occupancy is lawfully terminated or if in our judgment you Type:
and your animal, your guests, or any occupant violate any of Breed:
the rules in this Addendum. Color:
Weight: Age:

4. ADDITIONAL MONTHLY RENT. Your total monthly rent City oflicense:_
(as stated in the Lease Contract) will be increased by Titenzeman
$_ 0.00. The monthly rent amount in the Rent and Date oflastrabiesshot:_
Charges paragraph of the Lease Contract {check one] Housebroken?_ SCS
U] includes {§] does not include this additional animal rent. Animal owner’s name:

5. ADDITIONAL FEE. You must also pay a one-time non- OOOO ———— oo
refundable fee of $ 0.00 for having the animal in a
the apartment. It is our policy to not charge a deposit for
support animals.

©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 9/2022, lowa Page Lof3


--- Page 9 ---

8. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The’ wing special provisions Addendum, you mul sure that it’s done in a litter box
control over conflicting provisious of this printed form: with a kitty litter-ty pe mix. If the animal defecates
anywhere on our property (including ina fenced yard for
your exclusive use), you'll be responsible for immediately
removing the waste and repairing any damage. Despite
anything this Addendum says, you must comply with all
local ordinances regarding animal defecation.
om A, ADDITIONAL RULES. We have the right to make reasonable
TTT changes to the animal rules from time to time if we distribute
_—  _—_—__ —-_ awritten copy of any changes to every resident who is allowed
~ to have animals.
i 12. VIOLATION OF RULES, Ifyou, your guest, or any occupant
———— violates any rule or provision of this Animal Addendum
————_ or oo (based upon our judgment) and we give you written notice,
oo you must permanently remove the animal from the premises
rr within the time period specified in our notice. We also have
OO on00— ooo all other rights and remedies set forth in the Lease Contract,
————- nnn including damages, eviction, and attorney's fees as and if
_—  O_—_———— permitted by the Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant
oe — Law, lowa Code Chapter 562A.
. ; ; 13. COMPLAINTS ABOUT ANIMAL. You must immediately
9. EMERGENCY. In an emergency involving an accident or and permanently remove the animal from the premises if
injury to your animal, we have the right, but not a duty, to we receive a reasonable complaint from a neighbor or other
take the animal to the following veterinarian for treatment, resident or if we, in our sole discretion, determine that the
aby CUREXPENSE! animal has disturbed neighbors or other residents.
rete 14. REMOVAL OF ANIMAL. In some circumstances, we may
City/State/Zip: allow an animal control officer or humane society
Phone: representative to enter the apartment and remove the animal
if, in our sole judgment, you have:
10. ANIMAL RULES. You are responsible for the animal’s + abandoned the animal;
actions at all times. You agree to abide by these rules: « left the animal in the apartment for an extended period of
¢ The animal must not disturb the neighbors or other time without food or water; or
residents, regardless of whether the animal is inside or ¢ failed to care for a sick animal.
outside the apartment. Ifyou have violated our animal rules or let the animal defecate
* Dogs, cats, and support animals must be housebroken, All or urinate where it’s not supposed to you will be subject to
other animals must be caged at all times. No animal eviction and other remedies under the Lease Contract.
offspring are allowed.
. . . . 15. LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, INJURIES, CLEANING,
+ Inside, the animal may urinate or defecate only in these ETC. Youand all co-residents will be jointly and severally
designated areas: liable for the entire amount of all damages caused by the
-_—— _oOq_we animal, including al} cleaning, defleaing, and deodorizing.
* Outside, the animal may urinate or defecate only in these This provision applies to all parts of the apartment including
designated areas; carpets, doors, walls, drapes, wallpaper, windows, screens,
furniture, appliances, as well as landscaping and other outside
+ Animals may not be tied to any fixed object anywhere improvements. If items cannot be satisfactorily cleaned or
outside the apartments, except in fenced yards (if any) for repalred;you must pay Be bee ae oe
your exclusive use. Payment for damages, repairs, cleaning, replacements, etc,
are due immediately upon demand,
¢ You must not let an animal other than support animals
into swimming-pool areas, laundry rooms, offices, 16. MOVE-OUT. When you move out, you'll pay for defleaing,
clubrooms, other recreational facilities, or other deodorizing, and shampooing to protect future residents
apartments. from possible health hazards, regardless of how long the
¢ Your animal must be fed and watered inside the apartment. ail was there. We—not you—will arrange for these
Don’t leave animal food or water outside the apartment at aa ad
any time, except in fenced yards {ifany) for yourexclusive 47, JOINT AND SEVERAL RESPONSIBILITY. Each resident
Ee who signed the Lease Contract must sign this Animal
« You must keep the animal on a leash and under your Addendum. You, your guests, and any occupants must follow
supervision when outside the apartment or any private all animal rules. Each resident is jointly and severally liable
fenced area. We or our representative may pick up for damages and all other obligations set forth in this Animal
unleashed animals and/or report them to the proper Addendum, even if the resident does not own the animal,
authorities. We may impose reasonable charges for picking
up and/or keeping unleashed animals.
* Unless we have designated a particular area in your
apartment or on the grounds for animal defecation and
urination, you are prohibited from letting an animal
defecate or urinate anywhere on our property. You must
take the animal off our property for that purpose. If we
allow animal defecation inside the apartment in this
©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 9/2022, lowa Page 2 of 3


--- Page 10 ---

18. GENERAL. You acknowled; atno other oral or written
agreement exists regarding .uimals. Except for special
provisions noted in paragraph 8 above, our representative
has no authority to modify this Animal Addendum or the
animal rules except in writing, as described under paragraph
11. This Animal Addendum and the animal rules are
considered part of the Lease Contract described above. It
has been executed in multiple originals, one for you and one
or more for us.
You are legally bound by this document. Please read it carefully.
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner’s Representative
(All resident’s must sign) (Signs below)
(etaha Wehr Gorilyr Powers
——— — — «CN “aS Date of Signing Addendum
05/22/2023
©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 9/2022, lowa Page 3 of 3 2
[¥]_ Blue Moon eSignature Services Document ID: 375548500


--- Page 11 ---

| BED BUG ADDENDUM | NAA
Date:__ May 22, 20230 ee ee eee
(when this Addendum is filled out)
together to minimize the potential for any bed bugs in your dwelling or surrounding dwellings. This addendum contains important
information that outlines your responsibility and potential liability with regard to bed bugs.

1, DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. 5. ACCESS FOR INSPECTION AND PEST TREATMENT.
UnitNo..__— 16-6138 _——_—«, 6138 Chapel _ You must allow us and our pest control agents access to the
Ridge Way dwelling at reasonable times to inspect for or treat bed bugs
aftr address) in as allowed by law. You and your famity members, occupants,
CC's guests, and invitees must cooperate and will not interfere
(city), lowa,___—- 50131 _ sip code). with inspections or treatments. We have the right to select

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. any licensed pest control professional to treat the dwelling
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 and building. We can select the method of treating the dwelling,
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP building and common areas for bed bugs. We can also inspect

and treat adjacent or neighboring dwellings to the infestation
I even if those dwellings are not the source or cause of the
TT known infestation. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, you

are responsible for and must, at your own expense, have your
Residents (istallresidents: = i(‘éS~™S own personal property, furniture, clothing and possessions

. treated according to accepted treatment methods established
Trisha Dohrn 0 by a licensed pest control firm that we approve. You must do
a so as close as possible to the time we treated the dwelling. If
—_ |] TNT you fail to do so, you will be in default, and we will have the
> right to terminate your right of occupancy and exercise all
——___-T-|\$ rights and remedies under the Lease Contract. You agree not
-——__————- to treat the dwelling for a bed bug infestation on your own.
6. NOTIFICATION. You must promptly notify us:

* ofany known or suspected bed bug infestation or presence
I in the dwelling, or in any of your clothing, furniture or
—- personal property.
TT * of any recurring or unexplained bites, stings, irritations,
a as or sores of the skin or body which you believe is caused by
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above bed bugs, or by any condition or pest you believe is in the
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, dwelling,
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease * if you discover any condition or evidence that might indicate
Contract, Where the terms or conditions found in this the presence or infestation of bed bugs, or ofany confirmation
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found of bed bug presence by a licensed pest control professional
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. or other authoritative source.

3. PURPOSE. This Addendum modifies the Lease Contractand 7 CQOPERATION. If we confirm the presence or infestation
addresses situations related to bed bugs fcimex lectularius) of bed bugs, you must cooperate and coordinate with us and
which may be discovered infesting the dwelling or personal our pest control agents to treat and eliminate the bed bugs.
property in the dwelling. You understand that we relied on You must follow all directions from us or our agents to clean
your representations to us in this Addendum. and treat the dwelling and building that are infested. You

4, INSPECTION AND INFESTATIONS. BY SIGNING THIS must remove or destroy personal property that cannot be
ADDENDUM, YOU REPRESENT THAT: treated or cleaned as close as possible to the time we treated
+ YOU HAVEINSPECTED THE DWELLING PRIORTO MovinG — the vee a Feats andhden ae the dwelling ae

IN, OR PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS ADDENDUM, AND YouDID _—P¢ disposed of off-site and not in the property's tras
NOT FIND ANY EVIDENCE OF BED BUGS OR A BED BUG receptacles. Ifwe confirm the presence or infestation of bed
INFESTATION: bugs in your dwelling, we have the right to require you to
‘ temporarily vacate the dwelling and remove alt furniture,
OR clothing and personal belongings in order for us to perform
« YOU WILL INSPECT THE DWELLING WITHIN 48 HOURS pest control services. If you fail to cooperate with us, you will
AFTER MOVING IN, OR WITHIN 48 HOURS AFTER SIGNING be in default, and we will have the right to terminate your
THIS ADDENDUM AND WILL NOTIFY US OF ANY BED BUGS right of occupancy and exercise all rights and remedies under

OR BED BUG INFESTATIONS. the Lease Contract.

You agree that you have read the information provided in this 8. RESPONSIBILITIES. Unless otherwise prohibited by law,
Addendum and that you are not aware of any infestation or you may be required to pay all reasonable costs of cleaning
presence of bed bugs in your current or previous dwellings, and pest control treatments incurred by us to treat your
furniture, clothing, personal property, or possessions. You dwelling unit for bed bugs. Unless otherwise prohibited by
also acknowledge that you have fully disclosed to us any law, if we confirm the presence or infestation of bed bugs
previous bed bug infestations or bed bug issues that you have after you vacate your dwelling, you may be responsible for
experienced. the cost of cleaning and pest control treatments. If we must
. . . . move other residents in order to treat adjoining or neighboring
If you disclose po Weernne ousse pence with bed bug dwellings to your dwelling unit, you may be liable for payment
infestations or other bed bug related issues, we can review of any lost rental income and other expenses incurred by us
documentation of the previous treatment(s) and inspect your to relocate the neighboring residents and to clean and perform
personal property and possession to confirm the absence of pest control treatments to eradicate infestations in other
bed bugs. dwellings. If you fail to pay us for any costs you are liable for,
you will be in default, and we will have the right to terminate
your right of occupancy and exercise all rights and remedies
under the Lease Contract, and obtain immediate possession
of the dwelling. If you fail to move out after your right of
occupancy has been terminated, you will be liable for holdover
©2022, National Apartment Association, inc. - 3/2022, lowa rent under the Lease Contract. Page 1of3


--- Page 12 ---

3, TRANSFERS, Ifweallow you ansfer to another dwelling 10. SPECIAL PROVISIOI The fotlowing special provisions
in the community because of tue presence of bed bugs, you control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
must have your personal property and possessions treated
according to accepted treatment methods or procedures
established by a licensed pest control professional. You must
provide proof ofsuch cleaning and treatment to our satisfaction.

You are legaily bound by this document. Please read it carefully.
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
(All residents must sign) (Signs below}
— Date of Signing Addendum
05/22/2023
You are entitled to receive an original of this Addendum after it is fully signed. Keep it in a safe place.
©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 3/2022, jowa Page 2 of 3
i¥|_Blue Moon eSignature Services Document ID: 375548500


--- Page 13 ---

BUGS — A Guide for Rental Housing Resid i
Bed bugs, witha typical lifespan of 6 to 12 months, are wingless, * Because bed bugs leave some persons with itchy welts strikingly
flat, broadly oval-shaped insects. Capable of reaching the size of similar to those caused by fleas and mosquitoes, the origination
an apple seed at full growth, bed bugs are distinguishable by of such markings often go misdiagnosed. However, welts caused
their reddish-brown color, although after feeding on the blood by bed bugs often times appear in succession and on exposed
of humans and warm-blooded animals—their sole food source— areas of skin, such as the face, neck and arms. In some cases,
the bugs assume a distinctly blood-red hue until digestion is an individual may not experience any visible reaction resulting
complete. from direct contact with bed bugs.
Bed bugs don't discriminate « While bed bugs typically prefer to act at night, they often do
Bed bugs increased presence across the United States in recent not succeed in returning to their hiding spots without leaving
decades can be attributed largely to a surge in international traces of their a a through fecal markings ofa red to dark
travel and trade. It’s no surprise then that bed bugs have been brown color, visible on or near beds. Blood stains tend also to
found time and time again to have taken up residence in some appear when the bugs have been squashed, usually by an
of the fanciest hotels and apartment buildings in some of the unsuspecting host Me their sleep. And, pore they shed, dtd
nation’s most expensive neighborhoods. not uncommon for skin casts to be left behind in areas typically
frequented by bed bugs.
Nonetheless, false claims that associate bed bugs presence with . .
poor hygiene and uncleanliness have caused rental housing Preventing bed bug Specunters eee traveling P
residents, out of shame, to avoid notifying owners of their Because humans serve as bed bugs’ main mode of transportation,
presence. This serves only to enable the spread of bed bugs. it is extremely important to be mindful of bed bugs when away
from home. Experts agree that the spread of bed bugs across all
While bed bugs are, by their very nature, more attracted to regions of the United States is largely attributed to an increase
clutter, they're certainly not discouraged by cleanliness. in international travel and trade. Travelers are therefore
Bottom line: hed bugs know no social and economic bounds; encouraged to take afew minutes upon arriving to their temporary
claims to the contrary are false. destination to thoroughly inspect their accommodations, so as
Bed bugs don’t transmit disease 7 brie eae a uninvited guests are detected before the
There exists no scientific evidence that bed bugs transmit disease. pack
In fact, federal agencies tasked with addressing pest of public Because bed bugs can easily travel from one room to another, it
health concern, namely the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency _{s also recommended that travelers thoroughly inspect their
and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, haverefused luggage and belongings for bed bugs before departing for home.
to elevate bed bugs to the threat level posed by disease Bed bug do’s and don'ts
transmitting pests. Again, claims associating bed bugs with . Donet bring used furniture from unknown sources into
disease are false. your dwelling. Countless bed bug infestations have stemmed
Identifying bed bugs directly from the introduction into a resident's unit of second-
Bed bugs can often be found in, around and between: hand and abandoned furniture. Unless the determination can
* Bedding be made with absolute certainty that a piece of second-hand
« Bed frames furniture is bed bug-free, residents should assume that the
¢ Mattress seams reason a seemingly nice looking leather couch, for example, is
¢ Upholstered furniture, especially under cushions and along sitting curbside, waiting to be hauled off to the landfill, may
seams very well be due to the fact that it’s teeming with bed bugs.
* Around, behind and under wood furniture, especially along * Doaddressbed bug sightings immediately. Rental housing
areas where drawers slide residents who suspect the presence of bed bugs in their unit
* Curtains and draperies must immediately notify the owner.
* Along window and door frames « Do not attempt to treat bed bug infestations. Under no
* Ceiling and wall junctions circumstance should you attempt te eradicate bed bugs. Health
* Crown moldings hazards associated with the misapplication of traditional and
« Behind and around wall hangings and loose wallpaper non-traditional, chemical-based insecticides and pesticides
¢ Between carpeting and walls (carpet can be pulled away from poses too great a risk to you and your neighbors.
the wall and tack strip) + Docomply with eradication protocol. Ifthe determination
* Cracks and crevices in walls and floors is made that your unit is indeed playing host to bed bugs, you
« Inside electronic devices, such as smoke and carbon monoxide must comply with the bed bug eradication protocol set forth
detectors by both your owner and their designated pest management
company.
©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 3/2022, lowa Page 3 of 3 @


--- Page 14 ---

MOLD INFORMATION AND PREVENTION ADDENDUM NAA

NATIONAL APARTMENT ASSOCIATION

together to minimize any mold growth in your dwelling. That is why this addendum contains important information for you, and
responsibilities for both you and us.

1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION, cooking with open pots. When showering, be sure to keep
Unit No. 16-6138 , 6138 Chapel the shower curtain inside the tub or fully close the shower
Ridge Way doors. Also, the experts recommend that after taking a
treet address) in shower or bath, you: (1) wipe moisture off of shower walls,

Johnston shower doors, the bathtub and the bathroom floor; (2) leave
(city), lowa,___50131 __ (zip code). the bathroom door open until all moisture on the mirrors
and bathroom walls and tile surfaces has dissipated; and

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. (3) hang up your towels and bath mats so they will completely
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 dry out.

Owner’s name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP . .
« Promptly notify us in writing about any air conditioning or
a heating system problems you discover, Follow our rules, if
—— ee any, regarding replacement of air filters. Also, it is
TO recommended that you periodically open windows and
Residents (listaliresidents: 3 tS doors on days when the outdoor weather is dry (i.e., humidity
is below 50 percent) to help humid areas of your dwelling
Trisha Dohrn dry out.
a + Promptly notify us in writing about any signs of water leaks,
— = ————oFo— ~:~ water infiltration or mold. We will respond in accordance
OT with state law and the Lease Contract to repair or remedy
—_—_—_ x =< °° °° °°» o the situation, as necessary.
» Keep the thermostat set to automatically circulate air in
the event temperatures rise to or above 80 degrees
Fahrenheit.
5. IN ORDER TO AVOID MOLD GROWTH, it is important to
prevent excessive moisture buildup in your dwelling. Failure
. . to promptly pay attention te leaks and moisture that might
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above accumulate on dwelling surfaces or that might get inside walls
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, or ceilings can encourage mold growth, Prolonged moisture
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease can result from a wide variety of sources, such as:
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this ; . .
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found + rainwater leaking from roofs, windows, doors and outside
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. walls, as well as flood waters rising above floor level;
. . . * overflows from showers, bathtubs, toilets, lavatories, sinks,
3. ABOUT MOLD. Mold is found virtually everywhere in our washing machines, dehumidifiers, refrigerator or A/C drip
environment—both indoors and outdoors and in both new pans or clogged up A/C condensation lines;
and old structures. Molds are naturally occurring microscopic oe : .
organisms which reproduce by spores and have existed * leaks from plumbing lines or fixtures, and leaks into walls
practically from the beginning of time. All of us have tived from bad or missing grouting/caulking around showers,
with mold spores all our lives. Without molds we would all tubs or sinks;
be struggling with large amounts of dead organic matter. * washing machine hose leaks, plant watering overflows, pet
Mold breaks down organic matter in the environment and urine, cooking spills, beverage spills and steam from
uses the end product for its food. Mold spores (like plant excessive open-pot cooking;
pollen) spread through the air and are commonly transported « leaks from clothes dryer discharge vents (which can put
by shoes, clothing and other materials. When excess moisture lots of moisture into the air); and
leppresent nie a dwelling, mold can grow, ae oe « insufficient drying of carpets, carpet pads, shower walls
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study found that
’ _— : and bathroom floors.
there is currently no scientific evidence that the accumulation
of mold causes any significant health risks for person with 6, IF SMALL AREAS OF MOLD HAVE ALREADY OCCURRED
normally functioning immune systems. Nonetheless, ON NON-POROUS SURFACES (suchas ceramic tile, formica,
appropriate precautions need to be taken. vinyl flooring, metal, wood or plastic), the federal
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recommends that
4. PREVENTING MOLD BEGINS wine ou In ender to you first clean the areas with conte detergent) and water,
minimize the potential for mold growth in your dwelling, you let the surface dry, and then within 24 hours apply a pre-mixed,
must do the following: spray-on-type household biocide, such as Lysol Disinfectant®,
¢ Keep your dwelling clean—particularly the kitchen, the Pine-Sol Disinfectant® (original pine-scented), Tilex Mildew
bathroom(s), carpets and floors. Regular vacuuming, Remover® or Clorox Cleanup®. (Note: Only a few of the
mopping and using a household cleaner to clean hard common household cleaners will actually kill mold). Tilex®
surfaces is important to remove the household dirt and and Clorox® contain bleach which can discolor or stain.
debris that harbor mold or food for mold. Immediately throw Be sure to follow the instructions on the container.
away moldy food. Applying biocides without first cleaning away the dirt and
* Remove visible moisture accumulation on windows, walls, oils from the surface is like painting over old paint without
ceilings, floors and other surfaces as soon as reasonably first cleaning and preparing the surface.
possible. Look for leaks in washing machine hoses and Always clean and apply a biocide to an area 5 or 6 times larger
discharge lines—especially if the leak is large enough for than any visible mold because mold may be adjacent in
water to infiltrate nearby walls. Turn on any exhaust fans quantities not yet visible to the naked eye. A vacuum cleaner
in the bathroom and kitchen before you start showering or with a high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filter can be
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page lof2


--- Page 15 ---

used to help remove non-visilt old products from porous 9. SPECIAL PROVISION( he following special provisions
items, such as fibers in sofas, cuairs, drapes and carpets— contro] over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
provided the fibers are completely dry. Machine washing or

dry cleaning will remove mold from clothes,

7. DO NOT CLEAN OR APPLY BIOCIDES TO: = (1) visible mold = x= =.
on porous surfaces, such as sheetrock walls or ceilings, or (2) SSS ee
large areas of visible mold on non-porous surfaces. Instead, eo ———<—<—
notify us in writing, and we will take appropriate action. -—eeewoo ee

8. COMPLIANCE. Complying with this addendum will help ee
prevent mold growth in your dwelling, and both you and we ——
will be able to respond correctly if problems develop that ep
could lead to mold growth. If you have questions regarding 0
this addendum, please contact us at the management office ees
or at the phone number shown in your Lease Contract. oo
Ifyou fail to comply with this Addendum, you can be held a
responsible for property damage to the dwelling and any Fv
health problems that may result. We can’t fix problems —_ i ,. —_—<<x« |
in your dwelling unless we know about them. Se

Resident or Residents Owner or Owner’s Representative
(All residents must sign here) (Signs here)
a Date of Lease Contract
May 22, 2023
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 2 of 2 2


--- Page 16 ---

[ t
UcwIMUNITY POLICIES, RULES AND REGULATIL..S NAA
ADDENDUM AATIOHAL APARTMENT ASSOCIATION
This addendum is incorporated into the Lease Contract (the “Lease”) identified below and is in addition to all the terms and conditions
contained in the Lease. If any terms of this Addendum conflict with the Lease, the terms of this Addendum shall be controlling: |
Property Owner: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP
Resident(s): Trisha Dohrn eee
Unit No:/Address: #16-6138, 6138 Chapel Ridge Way, Johnston, IA 50131 |
Lease Date: 05/22/2023
1. GENERAL CONDITIONS FOR USE OF DWELLING PROPERTY AND RECREATIONAL FACILITIES.
Resident(s) permission for use of all common areas, Resident amenities, and recreational facilities (together, “Amenities”)
located at the Dwelling Community is a privilege and license granted by Owner, and not a contractual right except as otherwise
provided for in the Lease. Such permission is expressly conditioned upon Resident's adherence to the terms of the Lease, this
Addendum, and the Community rules and regulations (“Ruies”) in effect at any given time, and such permission may be
revoked by Owner at any time for any lawful reason. In all cases, the most strict terms of either the Lease, this Addendum,
or the Community Rules shall control. Owner reserves the right to set the days and hours of use for all Amenities and to
change the character of or close any Amenity based upon the needs of Owner and in Owner's sole and absolute discretion, |
without notice, obligation or recompense of any nature to Resident. Owner and management may make changes to the Rules
for use of any Amenity at any time.
THE TERMS OF THIS ADDENDUM SHALL ALSO APPLY TO RESIDENT(S)’ OCCUPANTS, AGENTS AND INVITEES, TOGETHER
WITH THE HEIRS, ASSIGNS, ESTATES AND LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES OF THEM ALL, AND RESIDENT(S) SHALL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COMPLIANCE OF SUCH PERSONS WITH THE LEASE, THIS ADDENDUM, AND COMMUNITY
RULES AND REGULATIONS. The term “Owner” shall include the Management, officers, partners, employees, agents,
assigns, Owners, subsidiaries and affiliates of Owner,
H. POOL. This Community &) DOES; ([) DOES NOT have a pool. When using the pool, Resident(s} agrees to the following:
¢ Residents and guests will adhere to the rules and regulations posted in the pool area and Management policies.
¢ AllSwimmers swim at their own risk, Owner is not responsible for accidents or injuries.
¢ For their safety, Residents should not swim alone.
¢ Pool hours are posted at the pool.
+ No glass, pets, or alcoholic beverages are permitted in the pool area. Use paper or plastic containers only.
* Proper swimming attire is required at all times and a swimsuit “cover up” should be worn to and from the pool.
¢ Norunning or rough activities are allowed in the pool area. Respect others by minimizing noise, covering pool furniture
with a towel when using suntan oils, leaving pool furniture in pool areas, disposing of trash, and keeping pool gates closed.
« Resident(s) must accompany their guests.
« Resident(s) must notify Owner any time there is a problem or safety hazard at the pool.
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY DIAL 911
Ill, FITNESSCENTER. ThisCommunity ©) DOES; &) DOES NOT havea fitness center. When using the fitness center, Resident
agrees to the following:
* Residents and guests will adhere to the rules and regulations posted in the fitness center and Management policies.
* The Fitness Center is not supervised. Resident(s) are solely responsible for their own appropriate use of equipment.
« Resident(s) shall carefully inspect each piece of equipment prior to Resident's use and shall refrain from using any equipment
that may be functioning improperly or that may be damaged or dangerous.
« Resident(s) shall immediately report to Management any equipment that is not functioning properly, is damaged or appears
dangerous, as well any other person's use that appears to be dangerous or in violation of Management Rules and Policies.
* Resident(s) shall consult a physician before using any equipment in the Fitness Center and before participating in any
aerobics or exercise class, and will refrain from such use or participation unless approved by Resident's physician.
¢ Resident{s) will keep Fitness Center locked at all times during Resident’s visit to the Fitness Center. |
« Resident(s) will not admit any person to the Fitness Center who has not registered with the Management Office.
+ Resident(s} must accompany guests, and no glass, smoking, eating, alcoholic beverages, pets, or black sole shoes are |
permitted in the Fitness Center.
Card# issued: (1) (3) (5)
(2) 4) (BL
IV. PACKAGERELEASE. ThisCommunity (] DOES; [%) DOES NOT accept packages on behalf of Residents.
For communities that do accept packages on behalf of its Residents:
Resident(s} gives Owner permission te sign and accept any parcels or letters sent to Resident(s} through UPS, Federal Express,
Airborne, United States Postal Service or the like. Resident agrees that Owner does not accept responsibility or liability for
any lost, damaged, or unordered deliveries, and agrees to hold Owner harmless for the same.
Revised 1/2019, lowa Page 1 of 3


--- Page 17 ---

Vv. BUSINESS CENTER. Thi rmunity L) DOES; DOES NOT have a business c¢ .
Resident(s} agrees to use the vusiness center at Resident(s) sole risk and according to «..e Rules and Regulations posted in
the business center and Management policies. Owner is not responsible for data, files, programs or any other information
lost or damaged on Business Center computers or in the Business Center for any reason. No software may be loaded on
Business Center computers without the written approval of Community Management. No inappropriate, offensive, or
pornographic images or files (in the sole judgment of Owner) will be viewed or loaded onto the Business Center computers
at any time. Residents will limit time on computers to_____ minutes if others are waiting to use them. Smoking,
eating, alcoholic beverages, pets, and any disturbing behavior are prohibited in the business center.
VI, AUTOMOBILES/BOATS/RECREATIONAL VEHICLES. The following policies are in addition to those in the Lease, and may
be modified by the additional rules in effect at the Community at any given time:
« Only i vehicle per licensed Resident is allowed.
« All vehicles must be registered at the Management office.
« Any vehicle(s) not registered, considered abandoned, or vialating the Lease, this Addendum, or the Community Rules, in
the sole judgment of Management, will be towed at the vehicle owner’s expense after a____24 ___ hour notice is placed
on the vehicle,
¢ Notwithstanding this, any vehicle illegally parked in a fire lane, designated no parking space or handicapped space, or
blocking an entrance, exit, driveway, dumpster, or parked illegally in a designated parking space, will immediately be
towed, without notice, at the vehicle owner's expense.
« The washing of vehicles is not permitted on the property unless specifically allowed in designated area.
* Any on property repairs and/or maintenance of any vehicle must be with the prior written permission of the Management.
* Recreational vehictes, boats or trailers may only be parked on the property with Management's permission (in Management's
sole discretion), and must be registered with the Management Office and parked in the area(s) designated by Management.
VII, FIRE HAZARDS. In order to minimize fire hazards and comply with city ordinances, Resident shall comply with the
following:
« Residents and guests will adhere to the Community rules and regulations other Management policies concerning fire
hazards, which may be revised from time to time.
¢ No person shall knowingly maintain a fire hazard. |
¢ Grills, Barbeques, and any other outdoor cocking or open flame devices will be used only on the ground level and
will be placed a minimum of feet from any building. Such devices wil] not be used close to combustible
materials, tall grass or weeds, on exterior walls or on roofs, indoors, on balconies or patios, or in other locations which
may cause fires.
« Fireplaces: Only firewood is permitted in the fireplace. No artificial substances, such as Duraflame® logs are permitted.
Ashes must be disposed of in metal containers, after ensuring the ashes are cold.
* Flammable or combustible liquids and fuels shall not be used or stored (including stock for sale} in dwellings, near exits,
stairways breezeways, or areas normally used for the ingress and egress of people. This includes motorcycles and any
apparatus or engine using flammable or combustible liquid as fuel.
* No person shall block or obstruct any exit, aisle, passageway, hallway or stairway leading to or from any structure. |
« Resident(s) are solely responsible for fines or penalties caused by their actions in violation of lacal fire protection codes.
VIII. EXTERMINATING. Unless prohibited by statute or otherwise stated in the Lease, Owner may conduct extermination
operations in Residents’ dwelling several times a year and as needed to prevent insect infestation. Owner will notify Residents
in advance of extermination in Residents’ Dwelling, and give Resident instructions for the preparation of the Dwelling and
safe contact with insecticides. Residents will be responsible to prepare the Dwelling for extermination in accordance with
Owner's instructions. If Residents are unprepared for a scheduled treatment date Owner will prepare Residents’ dwelling
and charge Residents accordingly. Residents must request extermination treatments in addition to those regularly provided
by Owner in writing. Residents agree to perform the tasks required by Qwner on the day of interior extermination
to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the extermination, These tasks will include, but are not limited to, the
following:
* Clean in all cabinets, drawers and closets in kitchen and pantry.
¢ Ifroaches have been seen in closets, remove contents from shelves and floor.
¢ Remove infants and young children from the dwelling.
« Remove pets or place them in bedrooms, and notify Owner of such placement.
¢ Remove chain locks or other types of obstruction on day of service.
¢ Cover fish tanks and turn off their air pumps.
¢ Do not wipe out cabinets after treatment.
In the case of suspected or confirmed bed bug infestation, resident will agree to the following:
« Resident will wash all clothing, bed sheets, draperies, towels, etc. in extremely hot water.
* Resident will thoroughly clean, off premises, all luggage, handbags, shoes and clothes hanging containers.
* Resident will cooperate with Owner's cleaning efforts for all mattresses and seat cushions or other upholstered furniture,
and will dispose of same if requested.
RESIDENTS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE TO NOTIFY OWNER IN WRITING PRIOR TO
EXTERMINATION OF ANY ANTICIPATED HEALTH OR SAFETY CONCERNS RELATED TO
EXTERMINATION AND THE USE OF INSECTICIDES
EX. DRAPESANDSHADES. Drapes or shades installed by Resident, when allowed, must be lined in white and present a uniform
exterior appearance.
X. WATERBEDS. Resident shali not have water beds or other water furniture in the dwelling without prior written permission
of Owner.
XI, BALCONY or PATIO. Balconies and patios shall be kept neat and clean at all times. No rugs, towels, laundry, clothing,
appliances or other items shail be stored, hung or draped on railings or other portions of balconies or patios, No misuse of
the space is permitted, including but not limited to, throwing, spilling or pouring liquids or other items, whether intentionally
or negligently, over the balconies or patios.
Revised 1/2019, lowa Page 2 of 3


--- Page 18 ---

XII. SIGNS. Resident shal} not lay any signs, exterior lights or markings on dwelling./ wnings or other projections shall
be attached to the outside 01 ine building of which dwelling is a part.

XII. SATELLITE DISHES/ANTENNAS. You must complete a satellite addendum and abide by its terms prior to installation or
use,

XIV. WAIVER/SEVERABILITY CLAUSE. No waiver of any provision herein, or in any Community rules and regulations, shall
be effective unless granted by the Owner ina signed and dated writing. Ifany court of competent jurisdiction finds that any
clause, phrase, or provision of this Part is invalid for any reason whatsoever, this finding shall not effect the validity of the
remaining portions of this addendum, the Lease Contract or any other addenda to the Lease Contract,

XV. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions contro} over conflicting provisions of this printed form:

Grills are not allowed for use on property. If you have a grill, it must be stored away
in a garage and not on your balicony/patio area.

i a
a,
a —— See
a
a pe
me
i —E
a
Se

[have read, understand and agree to comply with the preceding provisions.

Ceitha Tosh: 05/22/2023

Resident Date Resident Date

Resident Date Resident Date

Resident Date Resident Date

Lerdyn Powers 05/22/2023

Owner Representative Date

Revised 1/2019, lowa Page 3 of 3 3]


--- Page 19 ---

{ {
LEASE ADDENDUM FOR RENT CONCESSION NAA
OR OTHER RENT DISCOUNT HATOKAL APARTMENT ASSOCLATION

1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. () Non-Monetary Concession. You will receive the
Unit No,__16-6138 _, 6138 Chapel Ridge following non-monetary concession during the term of
Way the Lease:
Street address} inn

Johnston a
(city), lowa, 50131 (zip code}.

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. —— i i i
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 SS SS ee
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP __ 4 concESsION CANCELLATION AND CHARGE-BACK. The
—_——_——————SasasXassaSXSXSaS SSS concession and discounts indicated above are provided to
oo — you as an incentive and with the understanding that you will
fe fulfill your obligations under the Lease Contract through the
—F <a)=al) =a entire term of your Lease.

Residents (list all residents): erm ory a
Trisha Dobrn If your lease is terminated early due to your default (for
——<— example, if you abandon the premises without paying rent or
ee COC fh are evicted), this Concession/Discount Agreement will be
a immediately terminated, and you will be required to
ooo immediately repay to the Owner the amounts of all
___ EE —< << (Check ail that apply}
(2 «Concessions
LJ Discounts
ney that you have actually received for the months you resided
a in the Premises, and without further notice from us.
5. MARKET RENT. The market rent for this dwelling is the
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above boo e ine pina eouctedt: mor acncalecee that as
d ; : : market rent is a fair representation of what the specific
escribed Lease Contract for the above described premises, dwelli ld Il f he time th C
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease ellie WOuld’ actually ment tora ine time bie hease Conuract
Pan : : was negotiated and executed, and is reflective of the rent for
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this 4 similar dwelling at comparable properties
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found 8 P prop .
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. 6. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions
3. CONCESSION/DISCOUNT AGREEMENT, Asconsideration  CONtTol over any conflicting provisions of this printed
a. . : Addendum form or the Lease Contract.
for your agreement to remain in your dwelling and to fulfill
your Lease obligations throughout the full term of your Lease, eee eee
you will receive the following rent Concession and or Discount. ——— SSS
{Check all that apply) a
&) One-Time Concession. You will receive a One-Time
Concession off the rent indicated in the Rent and Charges
paragraph of the Lease Contract in the total amount of
$_1500.00 _ This Concession will be credited to your
rent due for the month(s) of: July _’°23, August
'23 and September '23
() Monthly Discount/Concession. The rent indicated in See
the Rent and Charges paragraph of the Lease Contract TT
includes a Monthly Discount of $ per month  .c.ROOTTD'
off of the suggested rental rate for your dwelling. or A
L) Other Discount/Concession. You will receive the
following discount off the rent indicated in the Rent and
Charges paragraph of the Lease Contract:
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
(All residents must sign) (signs here)
sss Date of Lease Contract
May 22, 2023


--- Page 20 ---

(
LEASE ADDENDUM NAA
LIABILITY INSURANCE REQUIRED OF RESIDENT BINIORAL APARTHENT ASSOCIATION
1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. or better, licensed to do business in lowa. The carrier is
UnitNo.__—— 16-6338 ss 6138 Chapel _ required to provide notice to us within 30 days of any
Ridge Way cancellation, non-renewal, or material change in your coverage.
a ftreet address) in We retain the right to hold you responsible for any loss in
CC oRnstom excess of your insurance coverage,
(city), lowa,____50131___—(zip code).
5, We may provide you with information of an insurance
2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. program that we make available to residents, which
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 provides you with an opportunity to buy renter's insurance
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP from a preferred company. However, you are free to
contract for the required insurance with a provider of
SE your choosing.
6. SUBROGATION ALLOWED. You and we agree that
Residents (list all residents): subrogation is allowed by all parties and that this agreement
Trisha Dohrn supersedes any language to the contrary in the Lease Contract.
ee 7, YOUR INSURANCE COVERAGE. You have purchased the
ee required personal liability insurance from the insurance
eee company of your choosing listed below that is licensed to do
ee business in this state, and have provided us with written
en proof of this insurance prior to the execution and
a _ commencement of the Lease Contract. You will provide
ey additional proof of insurance in the future at our request.
TTT Insurance Company:
ee 8, DEFAULT. Any default under the terms of this Addendum
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above shall be deemed an immediate, material and incurable default
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, under the terms of the Lease Contract, and we shall be entitled
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease to exercise all rights and remedies under the law.
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this . .
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found 9. MISCELLANEOUS, Except as specifically stated in this
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. Addendum, all other terms and conditions of the Lease
Contract shall remain unchanged. In the event of any conflict
3, ACKNOWLEDGMENT CONCERNING INSURANCE OR between the terms of this Addendum and the terms of the
DAMAGE WAIVER. You acknowledge that we do not Lease Contract, the terms of this Addendum shail control.
maintain insurance to protect you against personal injury,
loss or damage to your personal property or belongings, or 10. SPECIAL PROVISIONS:
to cover your own liability for injury, loss or damage you (or Will be going through the property for
your occupants or guests) may cause others. You also insurance ($19.00 per month).
acknowledge that by not maintaining your own policy of
personal liability insurance, you may be responsible to others
{including us) or the full cost of any injury, loss or damage a
caused by your actions or the actions of your occupants or ee eee
guests, You understand that paragraph 8 of the Lease Contract ee
requires you to maintain a liability insurance policy, which
provides limits of liability to third parties in an amount not ae
less than $_100000.00_ per occurrence. You understand a
and agree to maintain at all times during the Term of the oe a
Lease Contract and any renewal periods a policy of personal a
liability insurance satisfying the requirements listed below, .
at your sole expense. ee
4, REQUIRED POLICY. You are required to purchase and
maintain personal liability insurance covering you, your
occupants and guests, for personal injury and property
damage any of you cause to third parties (including damage
to our property}, in a minimum policy coverage amount of
$ 100000.00_ froma carrier with an AM Best rating of A-VII
I have read, understand and agree to comply with the preceding provisions.
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
(All residents must sign here) (signs here)
a Date of Lease Contract
May 22, 2023
©2019, National Apartment Association, inc. - 1/2019, lowa 2


--- Page 21 ---

NO-SMOKING ADDENDUM NAA
NATIONAL APARTHENT ASSOCIATION
Date: May 22, 2023
(when this Addendum is filled out)

All use of any tobacco product involving smoking, burning, or combustion of tobacco is prohibited in any portion of the apartment

community. You are entitled to receive an original of this No-Smoking Addendum after it is fully signed. Keep it in a safe place.

1, DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION, Smoking of non-tobacco products which are harmful to the
UnitNo,___————16-6138 6138 Chapel __ health, safety, and welfare of other residents inside any
Ridge Way dwelling or building is also prohibited by this Addendum and
a ftreet address} inn other provisions of the Lease Contract.

Johnston
(city), lowa, 50131 (zip code). 5. SMOKING OUTSIDE BUILDINGS OF THE APARTMENT
COMMUNITY. Smoking is permitted only in specially

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. designated areas outside the buildings of the apartment
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 community. Smoking must be atleast _____ feet from the
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP buildings in the apartment community, including
rs ae administrative office buildings. If the previous field is not
ESS completed, smoking is only permitted at least 25 feet from
ee the buildings in the apartment community, including
a administrative office buildings. The smoking-permissible
Residents (list all residents): areas are marked by signage.

Trisha Dohrn Smoking on balconies, patios, and limited common areas
attached to or outside of your dwelling @ is _] is not
permitted.
a a The following outside areas of the community may be used
-__ for smoking:
Even though smoking may be permitted in certain limited
outside areas, we reserve the right to direct that you and your
occupants, family, guests, and invitees cease and desist from
; ; smoking in those areas if smoke is entering the dwellings or
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above buildings or ifitis interfering with the health, safety, or welfare
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, or disturbing the quiet enjoyment, or business operations of
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease us, other residents, or guests.
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found 6, YOUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR DAMAGES AND CLEANING.
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shal} control. You are responsible for payment of all costs and damages to
; your dwelling, other residents’ dwellings, or any other portion

3. DEFINITION OF SMOKING. Smoking refers to any use or of the apartment community for repair, replacement, or
possession of a cigar, cigarette, e-cigarette, hookah, vaporizer, cleaning due to smoking or smoke related damage caused by
or pipe containing tobacco or a tobacco product while that you or your occupants, family, guests, or invitees, regardless
tobacco or tobacco product is burning, lighted, vaporized, or of whether such use was a violation of this Addendum, Any
foes ere Napend aut =a sags ad costs or damages we incur related to repairs, replacement,
the product is inhaling or exhaling the smoke from suc and cleaning due to your smoking or due to your violation of
eae a Sl oaeeenieeie cE Pa piritotete enue the no "smoking provisions of the Lease Cee are in excess

COmpoUrd, Otay Tiiceis 0 of normal wear and tear. Smoke related damage, includin
Nicotiana or the species N. tabacum which is cultivated for but not limited to, the smell of tobacco smoke wie Pvmnedies
its leaves to be used in cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, hookahs, sheetrock, carpeting, wood, insulation, or other components
vaporizers, or pipes. Smoking also refers to use or possession of the dwelling or building is in excess of normal wear and
of burning, lighted, vaporized, or ignited non-tebacco products tear in our smoke free apartment community.
if they are noxious, offensive, unsafe, unhealthy, or irritating
to other persons. 7. YOUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OF RENTAL INCOME

AND ECONOMIC DAMAGES REGARDING OTHER RESIDENTS.

4. SMOKING ANYWHERE INSIDE BUILDINGS OF THE You are responsible for payment of all lost rental income or
APARTMENT COMMUNITY IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. other economic and financial damages or loss to us due to
All forms and use of burning, lighted, vaporized, or ignited smoking or smoke related damage caused by you or your
tobacco products and smoking of tobacco products inside any occupants, family, guests, or invitees which results in or causes

dwelling, building, or interior of any portion of the apartment other residents to vacate their dwellings, results in disruption
community is strictly prohibited, Any violation of the of other residents’ quiet enjoyment, or adversely affects other
no-smoking policy is a material and substantial violation of residents’ or occupants’ health, safety, or welfare.

this Addendum and the Lease Contract.

The prohibition on use of any burning, lighted, vaporized, or 8. LEASE CONTRACT TERMINATION FOR VIOLATION OF THIS
ignited tobacco products or smoking of any tobacco products ADDENDUM. We have the right to terminate your Lease
extends to all residents, their occupants, guests, invitees and Contract or right of occupancy of the dwelling for any violation
all others who are present on or in any portion of the apartment of this No-Smoking Addendum. Violation of the no-smoking
community. The no-smoking policy and rules extend to, but provisions is a material and substantial default or violation
are not limited to, the management and leasing offices, building of the Lease Contract. Despite the termination of the Lease
interiors and hallways, building common areas, dwellings, Contract or your occupancy, you will remain liable for rent
club house, exercise or spa facility, tennis courts, all interior through the end of the Lease Contract term or the date on
areas of the apartment community, commercial shops, which the dwelling is re-rented to a new occupant, whichever
businesses, and spaces, work areas, and all other spaces comes first. Therefore, you may be responsible for payment
whether in the interior of the apartment community or in the of rent after you vacate the leased premises even though you
enclosed spaces on the surrounding community grounds. are no longer living in the dwelling.

©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 1 of 2


--- Page 22 ---

S, EXTENT OF YOUR LIABILITY F JSSESDUETGSMOKING. 12. SPECIAL PROVISION [he following special provisions
Your responsibility for damages, cleaning, loss of rental control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
income, and loss of other economic damages under this No smoking inside apartments or garages.
No-Smoking Addendum are in addition to, and not in lieu of, Smoking is permitted outside or on your
your responsibility for any other damages or loss under the balcony or patio unless the smoke
Lease Contract or any other addendum, interferes with the rights and comforts of
10. YOUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONDUCT OF OCCUPANTS, neighbors
FAMILY MEMBERS, AND GUESTS. You are responsible TTT
for communicating this community's no-smoking policy and OSS
for ensuring compliance with this Addendum by your ee
occupants, family, guests, and invitees, ne
141. THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF A SMOKE FREE ——
ENVIRONMENT. Although we prohibit smoking in all ee
interior parts of the apartment community, there is no ee
warranty or guaranty of any kind that your dwelling or the an
apartment community is smoke free. Smoking in certain an
limited outside areas is allowed as provided above. a
Enforcement of our no-smoking policy is a joint responsibility —_——
which requires your cooperation in reporting incidents or
suspected violations of smoking. You must report violations ee
of our no-smoking policy before we are obligated to ee
investigate and act, and you must thereafter cooperate with
us in prosecution of such violations.
This is an important and binding legal document. By signing
this Addendum you are agreeing to follow our no-smoking
policy and you are acknowledging that a violation could lead
to termination of your Lease Contract or right to continue
living in the dwelling. If you or someone in your household
is a smoker, you should carefully consider whether you will
be able to abide by the terms of this Addendum.
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner’s Representative
(All residents must sign here) (Sign here}
|
|
|
|
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 2 of 2 2


--- Page 23 ---

CRIME/DRUG FREE HOUSING ADDENDUM NAA
NATIONAL APARTHENT ASSOCIATION
1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. the use, possession, sale, manufacturing and distribution
UnitNo.___——— 26-6138 6138 Chapel of marijuana remains a violation of federal law, violation
Ridge Way of any such federal law shall constitute a material
Street adress) in violation of this rental agreement.)
_—____Johnston 5. Engaging in, or allowing, any behavior that is associated
(city), lowa,_____50131 __ (zip code). with drug activity, including but not limited to having
2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. excessive vehicle or foot traffic associated with his or
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023) her unit.
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP _ 6. Any breach of the Lease Contract that otherwise
a jeopardizes the health, safety, and welfare of the Owner,
a Owner's agents, or other Residents, or involving
a imminent, actual! or substantial property damage.
—_ 7. Engaging in or committing any act that would be a
Residents (list all residents): violation of the Owner’s screening criteria for criminal
Trisha Dohrn conduct or which would have provided Owner with a
ee SE basis for denying Resident's application due to criminal |
conduct.
ee 8. Engaging in any activity that constitutes waste, nuisance,
pe or unlawful use.
——S— So B. AGREE THAT ANY VIOLATION OF THE ABOVE PROVISIONS
—  —__—~—<~;7;3 }EHh”lhmre”:”:”:”:”:”:”:””” CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL VIOLATION OF THE PARTIES’
SS SSS Ne LEASE CONTRACT AND GOOD CAUSE FOR TERMINATION
SSS ea s—=“‘CSt OF TENANCY. A single violation of any of the provisions of
—S————S————_—_0000 this Addendum shall be deemed a serious violation, anda
oS SS material default, of the parties’ Lease Contract. It is
> OO t—=“‘“O;D”é~*# understood that a single violation shall be good cause for
3. ADDENDUM APPLICABILITY. In the event any provision termination of the Lease Contract. Notwithstanding the
in this Addendum is inconsistent with any provision(s) foregoing comments, Qwner may terminate Resident’s
contained in other portions of, or attachments to, the above- tenancy for any lawful reason, and by any lawful method,
mentioned Lease Contract, then the provisions of this with or without good cause.
Addendum shall control. For purposes of this Addendum, the 5, ¢RyMINALCONVICTION NOT REQUIRED. Unless otherwise
Sede shall inchs the dwelling unit, all common provided by law, proof of violation of any criminal law shall
areas, all other dwelling units on the property or any common not require a criminal conviction.
areas or other dwelling units on or about other property
owned by or managed by the Owner. The partieshereby amend © SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions
and supplement the Lease Contract as follows: control aver conflicting provisions of this printed form:
4, CRIME/DRUG FREE HOUSING. Resident, members of the SSS ae
Resident’s household, Resident’s guests, and all other persons SSS eee.
affiliated with the Resident: a
A. Shall not engage in any illegal or criminal activity on or OO
about the premises. The phrase, “illegal or criminal activity” —_ - . <= ©.
shall include, but is not limited to, the following:
1, Engaging in any act intended to facilitate any type of |
criminal activity.
2. Permitting the Premises to be used for, or facilitating a
any type of criminal activity or drug related activity, ce
regardless of whether the individual engaging such "ee
activity is a member of the household, or a guest.
3. The unlawful manufacturing, selling, using, storing, aS
keeping, purchasing or giving ofan illegal or controlled ee
substance or paraphernalia as defined in city, county, ss
state or federal laws, including but not limited to the EEE
State of lowa and/or the Federal Controlled Substances ee
Act. — =u—9—"~——”—””——~“‘(CS;!:
4. Violation of any federal drug laws governing the use, sn
possession, sale, manufacturing and distribution of
marijuana, regardless of state or local laws. {So long as
Resident or Residents (sign here} Date of Signing Addendum
Fecahea Toh 05/22/2023
Owner or Owner’s Representative (signs here) Date of Signing Addendum
Gordy Powers 05/22/2023
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. -7{ Blue Moon eSignature Services Document ID. 375548500 | @


--- Page 24 ---

PHOTO, VIDEO, AND STATEMENT RELEASE ADDENDUM NAA
ATIONAL APARTMENT ASSOCIATION
1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. 4, PHOTO AND VIDEO RELEASE. You hereby grant us and our
UnitNo.__—— 16-6138 6138 Chapel agents and affiliates (collectively, the “Released Parties”)
Ridge Way permission and a license to take, use, reuse, and publish the
_ftreet address) in likeness of you and any minor occupants in all photographs
oo onston or other electronic and/or digital media in any and all of our
{city}, lowa,_____50131 ____ (zip code). publications, including, without limitation, any website entries,
advertising websites, and any other marketing materials. You
2, LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION, understand and agree that these materials will become the
Lease Contract Date: May 22, 2023 000 property of the Released Parties and will not be returned.
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP You agree to irrevocably authorize the Released Parties to
SS edit, alter, copy, exhibit, publish, or distribute this media for
ae any lawful purpose whatsoever including, without limitation,
i wq_ mm —_ promotional and advertising uses. You waive the right to
2 inspect or approve the finished product, including any written
Residents (list all residents): or electronic copy, wherein your likeness appears now or in
Trisha Dohrn the future. In addition, you waive any right to payment,
royalties, or any other compensation arising or related to the
use of the media,
TT oor _s«dS, CONSENT TO USE YOUR NAME, LIKENESS , WRITTEN
OO COMMENTS, AND STATEMENTS. You are expressly agreeing
— ee te allow us to post your name, picture, written comments,
CS and statements, and/or the names, pictures, written comments,
—_— = — ——=  —— and statements of any minor occupants in any and all of our
publications, including, without limitation, any website entries,
TS advertising websites, social media websites, and any other
TT marketing materials. You hereby grant the Released Parties
Occupants (listalloccupants): permission anda license to use, reproduce, and publish any
media on its website, social media platforms, or in other
Brett Dohrn, Colton Szymezuk 00 marketing-related materials, whether in electronic or print
ee form.

6. RELEASE OF LIABILITY. You hereby release, hold harmless,
es and forever discharge us from any claims or causes of actions
es  _— including, without limitation, any and all claims for libel or
mee violation of any right of publicity or privacy, related to our
es | nn Sel) use of the media in any and all of our publications, including
a any website entries, advertising websites, social media

websites, and any other marketing material so long as the
claim or cause of action does not result from our intentional
a — — misconduct or gross negligence. This consent and release
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above shall be binding upon you and your heirs, legal representatives
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, and assigns.
and is hereby incorporated into and madea part ofsuch Lease 7, REVOCATION. You have the right to revoke your consent to
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this our use of your name, picture, video, voice, written comments,
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found or statement, and/or the name, picture, video, voice, written
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. comments, or statement of any minor occupants, by written
3. PURPOSE OF ADDENDUM. By signing this Addendum, you, notice to us,
without payment or other consideration, agree to grant Us g. spECTAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions
permission to use your likeness in photographs, videos and/ control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
or other electronic and/or digital reproductions, including
voice, in any and all of our publications, including, without —
limitation, any website entries, advertising websites, social ————_——_—_—-- I oOow~
media websites, and any other marketing materials. For —_——_— oe mm m\a—
purposes of this addendum, photographs, videos, written ee
comments, statements, and other digital reproductions will Ss
hereinafter be collectively referred to as “media.” —_  ——_——
A. CONSENT FOR MINOR OCCUPANTS. By signing this =i —.. —— — = _
Addendum, if any minor occupants are named above, you ee
further certify that you are the parent, or legal guardian TT
of the minor occupant(s) named above, and you, without = uv«= .  «c..
payment or other consideration, agree to grant us —=—. == =. ._=  ..
permission to use their likeness in photographs, videos om
and/ or other electronic and/or digital reproductions, aa
including voice, in any and all of our publications, including, a me
without limitation, any website entries, advertising = 2... *{. «=
websites, social media websites, and any other marketing a a
materials. For purposes of this addendum, photographs, OO
videos, written comments, statements, and other digital a
reproductions will hereinafter be collectively referred to OT
as “media.” — r= = lh
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 1 of 2


--- Page 25 ---

Resident or I ‘ents Owner or O| ”s Representative

(All residents must sign) (signs below)
Feith Wok Gorey Poaene
a Date of Signing Addendum

05/22/2023
ee
©2019, National Apartment Association, inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 2 of 2 2
iv¥_ Blue Moon eSignature Services Document ID: 375548500


--- Page 26 ---

VIOLENCE, DATING U.S. Department of Housing OMB Approval No. 2502-0204
VIOLENCE, OR STALKING and Urban Development Exp, 06/30/2017
Office of Housing
LEASE ADDENDUM

TENANT roe UNIT NO. & ADDRESS

Trisha Dohrn risben Johnston Commons, LP 6138 Chapel Ridge Way #16-6138, |

Johnston, IA 50131 |

| | |

This Lease Addendum adds the following paragraphs to the Lease between the above referenced Tenant and Landlord.

Purpose of the Addendum

The Lease for the above referenced unit is being amended to include the provisions of the Violence Against Women and

Justice Department Reauthorization Act of 2005 (VAWA).

Conflicts with Other Provisions of the Lease

In case of any conflict between the provisions of this Addendum and other sections of the Lease, the provisions of this

Addendum shall prevail.

Term of the Lease Addendum

The effective date of this Lease Addendum is 06/23/2023 . This Lease Addendum shall continue to

be in effect until the Lease is terminated.

VAWA Protections

1. The Landlord may not consider incidents of domestic violence, dating violence or stalking as serious or repeated
violations of the Lease or other “good cause” for termination of assistance, tenancy or occupancy rights of the victim
of abuse.

2. The Landlord may not consider criminal activity directly relating to abuse, engaged in by a member of a tenant’s
household or any guest or other person under the tenant's control, cause for termination of assistance, tenancy, or
occupancy rights if the tenant or an immediate member of the tenant’s family is the victim or threatened victim of
that abuse.

3. The Landlord may request in writing that the victim, or a family member on the victim’s behalf, certify that the
individual is a victim of abuse and that the Certification of Domestic Violence, Dating Violence or Stalking, Form
HUD-5382, or other documentation as noted on the certification form, be completed and submitted within 14 business
days, or an agreed upon extension date, to receive protection under the VAWA. Failure to provide the certification
or other supporting documentation within the specified time frame may result in eviction.

Feith Toko 05/22/2023

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Gordy Powers 05/22/2023

Landlord Date Form HUD-91067

: : (9/2008)


--- Page 27 ---

E-SIGNATURE CERTIF TE Lt. emoon
This certificate details the actions reco.ded during the signing of this Docurnent =
DOCUMENT INFORMATION
Status Signed
Document ID 375548500
Submitted 05/22/23
Total Pages 26
Apartment Lease Form, Animal Addendum, Bed 8ug Addendum, Mold
Information and Prevention Addendum, Community Policies, Rules, &
Fi Included Regulations, Addendum for Rent Concession, Renter's or Liability
orms Included insurance Addendum, No-Smoking Addendum, Crime/Drug Free
Housing Addendum, Photo, Video, and Statement Release Addendum,
Violence Against Women Act Lease Addendum
PARTIES
Trisha Dohrn
signer key: 64d0cde74d173f56d8be993708844a66
IP address: 209.107.181.194
signing method: Blue Moon eSignature Services
authentication method: eSignature by email dohrn.trish@gmail.com
browser: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 10; K) AppleWebKit/537,36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/113.0.0.0 Mobile Safari/537.36
Jordyn Powers
signer key: 9376dbbd22f2282fd373fd8e34ab9e3d
IP address: 10.100.20.30
signing method: Blue Moon eSignature Services
authentication method: eSignature by email AJC@perryreid.com
browser: PHP 7.3.29/SOAP
Leryn Powers
(Leasing Agent)
1 05/22/23 01:41:26 PMCDT ‘Trisha Dohrn accepted Consumer Disclosure
2 05/22/23 01:44:11 PMCDT ‘Trisha Dohrn signed Apartment Lease Form
3 05/22/23 01:45:26 PMCDT =‘ Trisha Dohrn signed Animal Addendum
4 05/22/23 01:45:47 PMCDT Trisha Dohrn signed Bed Bug Addendum
5 05/22/23 01:46:07 PMCDT ‘Trisha Dohrn signed Mold information and Prevention Addendum
6 05/22/23 01:47:27 PMCDT ‘Trisha Dohrn signed Community Policies, Rules, & Regulations
7 05/22/23 01:47:32 PMCDT ‘Trisha Dohrn dated Community Policies, Rules, & Regulations
8 05/22/23 01:48:44 PMCDT Trisha Dohrn signed Addendum for Rent Concession
9 05/22/23 01:49:17 PMCDT Trisha Dohrn signed Renter's or Liability Insurance Addendum
10 05/22/23 01:50:06 PM CDT ‘Trisha Dohrn signed No-Smoking Addendum
11 05/22/23 01:50:15 PM CDT ‘Trisha Dohrn signed Crime/Drug Free Housing Addendum
12 05/22/23 01:50:19 PM CDT Trisha Dohrn dated Crime/Drug Free Housing Addendum
13 05/22/23 01:50:28 PMCDT ‘Trisha Dohrn signed Photo, Video, and Statement Release Addendum
14 05/22/23 01:50:39 PM CDT Trisha Oohrn signed Violence Against Women Act Lease Addendum
15 05/22/23 01:50:42 PM CDT ‘Trisha Dohrn dated Violence Against Women Act Lease Addendum


--- Page 28 ---

DOCUMENT AUDIT CONTINUED
16 05/22/23 01:50:50 PM CDT Trisha Dohrn submitted signed documents
17 05/22/23 02:79:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Apartment Lease Form
18 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Animal Addendum |
19 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers dated Animal Addendum
20 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Bed Bug Addendum
21 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers dated Bed Bug Addendum
22 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Mold Information and Prevention Addendum
23 05/22/23 02:19:08 PMCDT Jordyn Powers signed Community Policies, Rules, & Regulations
24 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT —fordyn Powers dated Community Policies, Rules, & Regulations
25 05/22/23 02:19:08 PMCDT jordyn Powers signed Addendum for Rent Concession
26 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Renter's or Liability Insurance Addendum
27 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed No-Smoking Addendum
28 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Crime/Drug Free Housing Addendum
29 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers dated Crime/Drug Free Housing Addendum |
30 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM COT —jordyn Powers signed Photo, Video, and Statement Release Addendum |
31 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers dated Photo, Video, and Statement Release Addendum
32 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers signed Violence Against Women Act Lease Addendum
33 05/22/23 02:19:08 PM CDT Jordyn Powers dated Violence Against Women Act Lease Addendum
34 05/22/23 02:19:08 AM CDT jordyn Powers submitted signed dacuments
