Filename: 202YUK -  DIXON NEW TENANT ADDENDUMS.pdf
Method: ocr
Pages: 17
Extracted: 2025-10-29T11:24:26.985794
============================================================


--- Page 1 ---

cao LLC
CERTIFIED RESIDENTIAL MANAGEMENT COMPANY®
Resident Policies and Procedures
2300 Greenhill Dr. #250
Round Rock, TX 78664
(3512)439-3600
www.gdaapm.com
info@gdaapm.com
0 O° O08 ©@
GDAA Property Management, LLC. CRMC® | Confidential
2300 Greenhill Dr. Bldg. 2, Ste. 250, Round Rock, TX 78664
gdaapm.com
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c61d386eeee7c


--- Page 2 ---

Welcome to Your New Home!
Moving In
The owner has made every effort to have the home in good condition for your arrival. You are being provided a link
from Z-Inspector for your move in. This is a phone app to help you document the condition of the property at move
in and take photos. Complete this within 4 days of move in. The Move-In Property Condition form is for your
protection. You should list any pre- existing damage or deficiency inthe property. We will utilize this form when
the move-out survey is completed at the time of move out. You will receive a copy of the photos and report for your
records.
Keys
The keys provided to you at move-in will be replaced by our re-key service when they go out to bring the property
up to code. This way you can be assured no previous tenant or contractor has been in possession of your keys. If you
choose to change your locks during your lease, you must provide GDAA with a copy and return the locks to GDAA’s
standard, prior to your move-out.
The purpose of the keyless deadbolt is to protect you while you are inside the property. When you exit the
home, please leave the keyless deadbolts disengaged. This will prevent you from being locked out of the house.
If the garage door openers should not work for any reason (such as loss of power) you could be locked out of your
home. If you lock yourself out during our office hours you may pick up a spare set of keys at our office. We
require a $50.00 deposit which will be fully refunded to you if the keys are returned to our office within 24 hours.
After hours lockouts require a locksmith at your own expense.
Office Hours
The property management office hours are Monday-Friday 9:00-5:00. We are closed on weekends and holidays.
If you have a repair that is not an emergency, you must submit a written request through the online portal at
www.gdaapm.com/maintenance . Any after-hours emergency should be reported to 512-439-3602.
Rent Payments
Rent payments are due in full on the Ist of the month and are late after 11:59 pm on the 3™. Payment can be via
check, money order, or cashier’s check and payable to:
GDAA Property Management
2300 Greenhill Dr. #250
Round Rock, TX 78664
Rent payments may also be submitted online by visiting our website at www.gdaapm.com. (Online rent payments
are accepted through a 3 party vendor. Convenience fees may be assessed by the 3" party vendor. These fees
are not assessed by GDAA Property Management, LLC and cannot be waived by GDAA Property Management, LLC.
If you use a checking account and routing number, the fee is $2.95. If you use a credit or debit card, they charge 4%
of what you are paying.
IMPORTANT: HOLIDAYS, WEEKENDS, & POSTAL DELAYS DO NOT EXCUSE RENT BEING
RECEIVED AFTER THE 3"!
To avoid any errors in processing your rent payments, please put your address on your check.

Tenant Initials: M0

Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 3 ---

Late Payments
If your check is returned due to non-sufficient funds (NSF) or due to incorrect account information, your rent is
considered late until you provide GDAA a replacement payment. Replacement payments must be made with cashier’s
check, money order, or via CashPay. Please refer to the table below for appropriate late fees. You may also be subject
to a $35.00 posting fee from a certified notice and $50.00 NSF fee.
Tenant Initials: M)
Property Surveys
GDAA conducts surveys of all properties to provide valuable feedback to the property owners. We will
arrange for an inspector to visit your home at least once per year to make sure all aspects of the home are being
kept up to Texas property code. We are teamed with On Sight Pros. We will notify you when their agent will be
contacting you to schedule the appointment.
Tenant Initials: MOD a

Maintenance of Your Home
A/C and Heating Filters
Tenant is responsible for replacing all A/C and heating system filters at the property on a monthly basis. GDAA will
provide supplemental filters to you quarterly as a part of the Tenant Benefit Package. Any cleaning or repairs done
to the AC/Heating unit caused by air filters not being changed on a routine basis will be charged to you as the tenant.
If our vendor must provide you with a new air filter, it will be charged back to you.
Tenant Initials: \\ )
A/C Drain Lines
If your property’s A/C system has a drain line with an opening in it,
pouring a cup of bleach or vinegar down the drain tube every 3 months
can prevent the line from clogging up with algae and flooding the
property. Dripping water from the line or under the unit is a sign that the primary .
drain is clogged and requires professional maintenance. Report this to our office
immediately so that we may send a repairman. Operating the unit under these
conditions can result in water damage to your home and property. a

Ce ett ee
Electricity Does Not Work = ——
Check the breaker box to see if any switches are in the off position. Next, try resetting the GFCI plug,
which is usually found in the kitchen, garage, or bathroom. If circuit breakers keep tripping, the circuit may
be overloaded with appliances and you will need to make adjustments.
by .
ben] Wat |
, 5 i
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c61d386eeee7c


--- Page 4 ---

Garbage Disposal ~~ =
Overloading your garbage disposal will cause the safety button to kick in and turn off the 1
disposal. Before doing a maintenance request for the garbage disposal, reset the safety - ia
overload. Wait three or four minutes for the motor to cool then push the button on the bottom i
of the motor. In the event items are found in the disposal that have caused damage, the repair .
or replacement may be a tenant charge.
Pest Control

Residents are responsible for interior and exterior pest control upon taking possession of the keys. Do not store any
wood against the house or fence as this increases risk of termites and is very costly to the homeowner. If you
notice any wood destroying insects in or around your home, please notify our office
immediately. N
Tenant initials: MW  —
Smoking
Smoking is not permitted inside the property at ANY TIME. This includes the garage or any other enclosed areas
of the home. Smoke is very damaging and you will be charged all costs to paint and deodorize, if necessary.
Smoke Detectors
Smoke detectors are for your safety. It 1s your responsibility to check the working condition —
and replace the batteries as needed. We recommend using a spray smoke detector tester. If after A *
replacing the batteries you find the detector does not operate properly, il i
contact our office immediately for repair or replacement. My , Ay
Toilet Overflow :
If a toilet is overflowing, shut off the water supply valve at the wall. If you b
cannot unstop the toilet yourself with a plunger, submit your maintenance request
to us online at www.gdaapm.com. Only contact our emergency line . aN

if it is outside of office hours and all your toilets are not working. ‘ i

.¥
Winter Weather
Texas weather can change rapidly. During a potential freeze warning the home heat should maintain a
minimum of 65 degrees. All exterior faucets must be adequately wrapped and insulated. It is also advised to allow
inside faucets to drip water and to open cabinet doors to expose plumbing fixtures to be heated.
Yard Maintenance, Watering and Trash Cans
You are responsible for the upkeep of the yard. To prevent being charged for re-sodding the yard, please
water as needed to maintain healthy grass and landscaping. All shrubs are to be kept trimmed and cut back and
flower beds kept free from weeds. Trash containers must be stored out of sight, either in the garage or in the back yard.
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 5 ---

Repair Requests
All repair requests must be submitted in writing per the terms of your lease agreement. Requests must include
your name, daytime and evening telephone numbers, property address and specific problem or request. You
may submit your request by going online to http://www.gdaapm.com/maintenance. You will be contacted within 72
hours to schedule an appointment with one of our vendors. If it is determined the repair is due to tenant abuse
or neglect, Tenant will be responsible for the cost of the repair. If the Vendor finds no issues upon arrival
the Tenant will be responsible for the cost of the trip fee charged by the Vendor. If you fail to meet a contractor
once you have agreed to an appointment time, you will be charged a $75 trip fee.
If you break or reschedule two appointments. we will release a key to the vendor to access your home and
take care of the repair.
Emergency Repairs
Please report anything relating to the property under the lease that is threatening to life, health, or the property.
Property Meld is not monitored after hours.
Call (512) 439-3602 for afterhours emergencies to speak to a member of our team.
Climate Control: No air conditioning if temperature is over 90 degrees or no heat if temperature is forecast
to be below freezing.
Broken pipe or free flowing water: Turn off water valve or exterior water main.
=a Vay } at a
= 1 , nw
Gas Odor: Turn off gas at the appliance, open windows.
Electrical Problems: Check all the breakers by flipping them hard to the OFF position and then hard to the
ON position and reset any GFCI breakers.
Toilet Stoppage: This is an emergency only if ALL toilets have backed up or overflowed. One toilet not
working should be reported as a NON-EMERGENCY. If water is backing up in several areas of the home
(sinks, showers, yard and/or toilets) this is an emergency. A stoppage is impacting the entire home. Stop using
water in the home and contact us immediately).
Non-Emergencies such as no hot water, non-working oven, non-working dishwasher, or garage door opener
should be reported as routine and NON-EMERGENCY maintenance. Submit your request in writing as
described above.
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 6 ---

Move-Out Procedures

In anticipation of your move out, your lease agreement requires that you leave the property in clean and
undamaged condition. All utilities must remain on in your name through the end of the lease. Our office does
not conduct move out inspections until the tenant has fully surrendered the property. We have provided a
list that will be used by GDAA Property Management to inspect your unit after moving out to determine
what charges, if any, will be deducted from your security deposit.
* GDAA’s Move-Out Guidelines are available online at www.gdaapm.com or at our office.
We have every intention of returning your security deposit, provided you have fulfilled your agreement with
us. Please read the following information to help ensure a full return of your deposit without any
misunderstandings:
1. To avoid any additional charges against your deposit, remember to clean your unit inside/outside thoroughly.
We require you to have the carpets professionally cleaned and provide the receipt to us at the time of move-out.
2. Cooperate with the showings of the property whether for sale or re-rental, keeping it in a presentable
condition.
e Your lease agreement authorizes us to place on the property, a key box containing a key to show the property

during the last 45 days of your lease or at any time the Landlord lists the property for sale.
e If agents are denied access or are not able to access the property because of tenants’ failure to make the

property accessible, tenant will be charged a trip charge of $75.
e Failure to allow reasonable showings during the final 45 days of the lease constitutes default of the lease.

The security deposit can be forfeited, in its entirety, for this reason.
I hereby attest that I have received the tenant Policy and Procedures from GDAA Property
Management.

202 Yukon Cv Hutto, TX 78634
Property Address
Ne Ds 02/10/2022
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 7 ---

A/C AND HEATING

FILTER CHANGE NOTICE
A/C AND HEATING SYSTEM FILTERS: TENANT is responsible for replacing all A/C
and heating system filters at the property monthly. GDAA will provide supplemental filters
to you quarterly through Second Nature. This is part of the Tenant Benefit Package that all
tenants are enrolled in.
TENANT shall properly install the filter that is provided within two (2) days of receipt.
TENANT hereby acknowledges that the filters will be dated and subject to inspection by
LANDLORD upon reasonable notice to verify replacement has been timely made. If at any time
TENANT cannot properly or timely install a filter, TENANT shall immediately notify GDAA
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT in writing.
TENANT’S failure to properly and timely replace filters is a material breach of this agreement
and LANDLORD shall be entitled to exercise all rights and remedies it has against TENANT
and TENANT shall be liable to LANDLORD for all damages to the property, A/C or heating
system.

hb Ds 02/10 / 2022

Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date

Go 0 Oo © O

GDAA Property Management, LLC. CRMC® | Confidential
2300 Greenhill Dr. Bldg. 2, Ste. 250, Round Rock, TX 78664
gdaapm.com -


--- Page 8 ---

LEASE ADDENDUM FOR INTRUSION ALARM
Intrusion Alarm: If your dwelling is equipped with an intrusion alarm, it must not be considered a guaranty of safety or
security. You should always take precautions as if the intrusion alarm were malfunctioning. You acknowledge that the
security of you and your family, occupants and guest are your responsibility alone. Your use of the alarm system is optional.
You are responsible for all false alarm charges for your dwelling. Any alarm equipment installed is required to remain in the
property.
Permit from City: You are required to obtain a city permit if you will have an activated alarm system. It is your responsibility
to obtain the permit. You will also be responsible for any fines due to excessive false alarms.
Follow instructions: You agree to use reasonable care in operating the alarm and to follow any written instructions furnished
to you or appearing on the alarm system itself. If you are unclear about operating the unit, it is your responsibility to get such
information from the alarm company who will be monitoring the property. Under no circumstances should you attempt to
operate the alarm system if you are unclear on how to arm and disarm the system-you will be charged if management is
required to send someone out to shut off the alarm.
Alarm Company: If you wish to have the system monitored, it will be your responsibility to make such arrangements with
an independent alarm company to activate and maintain the system at your own expense. If the owner of the property
pays for a monitoring service, you must contact management to report mechanical malfunctions; management will
accommodate your maintenance request as quickly as possible but will not be liable for the period of time that the system
is non-functional. Again, you understand that the system should never be relied on for your personal safety or security. If the
service is paid by the owner, any repairs to the alarm system not authorized by management will be at your own expense.
Entry by Owner: Upon activation of the alarm system, you must immediately provide management with your code and any
special alarm system instructions for lawful entry into the unit when no one is there. You must reimburse us for any expenses
we incur in entering your dwelling, when those expenses are due to your failure to provide the foregoing information.
You will also be responsible for vendor trip charges if you do not disarm the system for any scheduled maintenance.
No warranty: Landlord makes no guarantees or warranties, express or implied, concerning the alarm system. All guarantees
and warranties are expressly disclaimed. Crime can and does occur despite the best security measures. Anything electronic
or mechanical in nature will malfunction from time to time. We are absolutely not responsible for malfunction of the alarm.
Liability: Landlord is not liable to you, your guests or other occupants for any injury, damage or loss resulting from the
alarm or any malfunction of the alarm. It is recommended that you purchase insurance to cover casualty loss of your property,
including loss by theft.
Emergencies: Always call 911 or law enforcement authorities or emergency medical services in the event of a crime
or emergency. Then contact management. We are not required to answer the alarm, but we do have the right to enter
and cut off the alarm to minimize annoyance to neighbors when it malfunctions or is not timely to cut off by you. Landlord
has made no promises or representations regarding the alarm system except those in this Addendum.
Map 02/10 / 2022
Tenant Signature Date Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
0 0° 0 8 ®O
GDAA Property Management, LLC. CRMC® | Confidential
2300 Greenhill Dr. Bldg. 2, Ste. 250, Round Rock, TX 78664
gdaapm.com -


--- Page 9 ---

LEASE ADDENDUM REGARDING MOLD
ADDENDUM TO RESIDENTIAL LEASE AGREEMENT CONCERNING THE PROPERTY
(LEASED PREMISES)

202 Yukon Cv Hutto, TX 78634
Street City State Zip

Kelly Jenkins
Landlord c/o GDAA Property Management, LLC

Marvin Dixon
Tenant(s)
To minimize the occurrence and growth of mold in the leased premises. Tenant hereby acknowledges receipt of the GDAA
“Mold
Information & Prevention” material and agrees to the following.

1. MOISTURE ACCUM ULATION, Tenant shall remove any visible moisture accumulation in or on the leased premises, including on
walls, windows, floors, ceilings, and bathroom fixtures; mop up spills and thoroughly dry affected areas as soon as possible after
occurrence; use exhaust fans in kitchen and bathrooms when necessary (if available); and keep climate and moisture in the leased
premises at reasonable levels.

2. CLEANLINESS, Tenant shall clean and dust the leased premises regularly, and shall particularly keep the kitchen and bath areas
clean.

3. NOTIFICATION OF MANAGEMENT, Tenant shall promptly notify management in writing of the presence of the following
conditions:

A) A water leak, excessive moisture, or standing water inside the leased premises. B) A water leak, excessive moisture, or standing water
in any part of the property. C) Mold growth in or on the leased premises that persists after resident has tried several times to remove it with
household cleaning solutions, such as Lysol or Pine-Sol disinfectants, Tilex Mildew remover, or Clorox or a combination of water and
bleach. D) A malfunction in any part of the heating, air conditioning, or ventilation system in the leased premises.

4. LIABILITY, Resident shall be liable to Owner for damages sustained to the leased premises or tenant’s person, guests or occupants, or
property as a result of Resident’s failure to comply with the terms of this Addendum.

5. VIOLATION OF ADDENDUM - Violation of this Addendum shall be deemed a material violation under the terms of the Lease,

and Owner shall be entitled to exercise all rights and remedies if possesses against Tenant at law or in equity.

6. ADDENDUM SUPERSEDES LEASE, In case of a conflict between the provisions of this Addendum and any other provisions of the
Lease, the provisions of the Addendum shall govern. The LEASE ADDENDUM REGARDING MOLD is incorporated into the lease
executed or renewed between Owner and Tenant.

By: Rebecca Panactes®®! 10/2022 we Ds 02/10/2022
As Agent for Landlord Tenant
Tenant
Tenant
Tenant
+ ey) Oo So O
GDAA Property Management, LLC. CRMC® | Confidential
2300 Greenhill Dr. Bldg. 2, Ste. 250, Round Rock, TX 78664
gdaapm.com -


--- Page 10 ---

SMOKE DETECTOR/CARBON MONOXIDE ADDENDUM
Resident and Landlord mutually agree as follows:
1. Resident is leasing from landlord the premises located at:
202 Yukon Cv Hutto, TX 78634

2. This agreement is an addendum and part of the lease agreement and/or any lease renewals or extensions
relating to the premises.

3. The premises shall include one or more smoke detectors. It is agreed that resident will test the smoke detector
within 48 hours after occupancy and inform Landlord immediately if detector(s) is not working properly.

4. It is further agreed that the Resident will be responsible for testing the smoke detector(s) at least once a
week. If there is no sound after testing the unit, Resident agrees to inform Landlord immediately if detector(s)
is not working properly.

5. Resident understands that if said smoke detector(s) is battery operated. It will be the Resident’s responsibility
to ensure that the battery is always in operating condition. If after replacing the battery, smoke detector(s)
will nd operate, Resident must inform landlord immediately in writing. Resident also agrees to replace battery
upon vacating the premises at move out.

6. If the property contains gas, Resident is aware that carbon monoxide is a byproduct of gas. It is colorless,
odorless and very lethal. Landlord and Owner strongly recommend the installation of a carbon monoxide
detector at Resident’s expense. Resident agrees to hold harmless owner and Owner’s representative if carbon
monoxide poisoning occurs.

Pb Ds 02/10/2022 Rebecca Panacee 02/10/2022
Tenant Date GDAA, Associate Date
Tenant Date
Tenant Date
Tenant Date
11
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 11 ---

MOVE-IN ADDENDUM
TRANSFER OF UTILITIES:
Tenant hereby acknowledges that utilities must be transferred over prior to the lease commencement date.
GDAA Property Management will schedule all utility services to be disconnected from the landlords account
the day prior to the lease commencement date. Tenant will be responsible for any utility costs after move in,
in the event utilities are not transferred into their name.
MOVE-IN INVENTORY & CONDITION FORM:

Tenant will be provided a link to Z-Inspector. This app allows tenant to document the move in
condition of the property and take photos. This form must be completed and submitted within 4 days
after move-in. After 4 days, if not completed, the form is submitted “AS IS” and the home is considered
in good condition. Tenant must return the form to GDAA Property Management on or before 92/14/2022
The items identified on the Move in Inventory and Condition Form will be taken into consideration upon
Tenant vacating the leased premises. Any additional items not shown on the Move-In Inventory and
Condition Form will be charged to the Tenant at the end of the lease term or upon move out. It is highly
recommended that this form be completed for your benefit.
**MAINTENANCE REQUESTS ARE NOT TAKEN FROM THE MOVE IN INVENTORY &
CONDITION FORM. YOU MUST SUBMIT A WRITTEN REQUEST FOR ANY NECESSARY
REPAIRS. This may be done at https://app.propertymeld.com/tenant/gdaa-property-management-llc/ **
POSSESSION OF PROPERTY: Tenant understands that they will be considered in possession of the
leased premises from the Lease Commencement date until the date all keys are returned to GDAA Property
Management, LLC.
Tenant must return all keys, garage & gate openers (if applicable), and pool keys (if applicable) in to the
GDAA Property Management office upon vacating the property. Tenant will be charged the cost to replace
any items not returned to the Management Company.
py. Aebecca Fanates’ 92/10/2022 Map| Jy 02/10/2022
As Agent for Landlord/Property Owner Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

Tenant Date

12
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 12 ---

TENANT BENEFIT PACKAGE
Resident Liability Insurance
As a condition of our lease, and for its duration, GDAA Property Management requires all residents to carry liability insurance
($100,000) minimum coverage) for damages caused to the property resulting from residents’ action or inaction. (You may
satisfy the lease minimum insurance requirement by obtaining and maintaining (during the duration of the lease) a personal
renters liability insurance or liability insurance policy from an insurance agent or carrier of your choice AND providing proof
of coverage (adding GDAA Property Management LLC as an additional insured on the policy and providing us a copy of the
declaration page).
Must choose one plan:
[-] PLAN A ($36.00 per month) includes: fi] PLAN B ($29.00 per month) includes:

1. Build your credit score!* Free Credit Reporting | 1.Build your credit score!* Free Credit Reporting
for all Rental payments made during the term for all Rental payments made during the term of
of the lease. Reports are submitted to the credit the lease. Reports are submitted to the credit
bureaus TransUnion and Equifax. bureaus TransUnion and Equifax.

2. Quarterly HV/AC filters delivered to your front | 2. Quarterly HV/AC filters delivered to your front
door. door.

3. Online Portal to submit all maintenance requests. 3. Online portal to submit all maintenance requests.

4. Dedicated after hours and holidays maintenance | 4. Dedicated after hours and holidays maintenance
hotline. hotline.

5. $20,000 Renter Content Coverage ($500 | 5. One time Returned Payment Fee ($50.00)
deducible) under GDAA Property Management forgiveness.
master policy. Policy is not an actual cash value, Lae Sages
but j P i. li Tenant providing both owners liability insurance and
UNIS a replacement coverage Polcy: renters insurance (including naming GDAA Property

6. $100,000 Tenant Liability Insurance Coverage | management LLC as the additional insured) ma
under GDAA Property management LLC master | choose this option.
policy. Tenant is responsible to provide a copy to GDAA

7. $10,000 Renters Bodily Injury Coverage ($500 | upon lease signing and with all renewals. Tenant is
deductible). responsible to provide GDAA a copy of each policy

ae _. . 1. In th t lis not ided pri

8. $3,000 additional living expense reimbursement. renews mic ever a renewar a nrot prowrece prior

to policy expiration, Tenant __will _be

9. One time Returned Payment Fee ($50.00) | AUTOMATICALLY enrolled in PLAN A to ensure
forgiveness. proper coverage.

Mab Dyn 02/10 / 2022

Tenant Signature Date Tenant Signature Date

Tenant Signatur ; Date Tenant Signature Date

Rebecca Panaces 02 / 10 / 2022

GDAA Associate as Agent for Landlord Date

13
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c61d386eeee7c


--- Page 13 ---

ee
CERTIFIED RESIDENTIAL MANAGEMENT COMPANY
LEASE ADDENDUM
Security Deposit Waiver (must check one)
$ $69.00 per ou waive payment of the security deposit $ $3 500.00 lieu of
VW YES month the indicated monthly payment.
; ou agree to post the security deposit required by the
L1 no | Variable Landlord
If neither “yes” nor “no” are checked above, “yes” will be assumed, and the “You” will be billed accordingly.
This Lease Addendum is attached to and becomes a part of the Residential Lease Agreement (“Lease
Agreement”) between Landlord (“Landlord”) and Renter (“You”). Both parties are bound by the terms of this
Lease Addendum.
Your Lease Agreement contractually requires that You post a Security Deposit to secure compliance with
the terms and conditions of your Lease Agreement. The Security Deposit may be used by Landlord as
reimbursement for amounts contractually recoverable from You under your Lease Agreement. In lieu of
the Security Deposit, Landlord offers to waive the one-time Security Deposit in exchange for payment of the
monthly fee indicated above for the term of the Lease Agreement. This waiver does not waive the
requirement that You adhere to the terms and conditions of your Lease Agreement. If you have questions,
your Property Manager can provide you with an Explanation of Protections, which is incorporated into this
Lease Addendum by reference. In the event the Property Management contract_is terminated, the monthly
fee referenced herein will cease and the Property Owner may require You to post_a Security Deposit.
| HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS ADDENDUM
Resident Signature: IID M\ Date: 02 / 10 / 2022
Resident Name (Print): _Marvin Dixon
eo 9° Oo So ®@
GDAA Property Management, LLC. CRMC®
2300 Greenhill Dr. Bldg. 2, Ste. 250, Round Rock, TX 78664
gdaapm.com al


--- Page 14 ---

Tenant Charges
Occasionally our office experiences actions that are outside the scope of normal
tenant activities. The following are charges that have been established to offset
cost and time involved needed to address actions outside routine operations.
1. Failure to connect utilities- $75.00
This fee is charged only when a new tenant fails to connect utilities in tenant’s name after taking
possession of the property. In addition to this fee tenant will be charged pro-rated utility charge.
2. Holdover Fee — Three times the daily rent
This fee is charged only when tenant fails to surrender property after the expiration of their lease
term.
3. Trip Charge/Stand Up Fee - $75.00
This fee is only charged to a tenant if an appointment was made to meet tenant at the property and
the tenant fails to make the appointment. This fee will also be charged if the tenant deadbolts the
property and prevents entry when an appointment has been scheduled.
4. Late fee for Rent — 5% and $10.00 per day
Unless otherwise stated in your lease, rents are due on the 1st of each month and will be considered
late after the third. Rent is late as of the 4 and your initial late fee is applied (5% of the
monthly rent). For rent still not received as of the 5", the $10/day late fee is assessed from
the second day of the month until full payment is received in our office. In accordance with the
Texas Property Code, all outstanding fees are applied to funds received before being applied to rent
amount.
5. Posting Fee $35.00
This fee is charged when a tenant has failed to make satisfactory payment arrangements prior to the
rent due date and returned all requested documents to our office. In addition, late charges will
also apply. This is in relation to the Certified Notice that is sent on the 4" when rent has not been
received by the 3".
6. Returned Payment $50.00
This fee is applied when any payment is returned for insufficient funds or incorrect account
information. This charge will apply to a physical check or electronic payment. In addition, late
charges will apply.
7. Roommate Change Out Fee - $150.00
This fee is charged when a lease must be modified to remove or add any approved tenant after the
original lease has been executed. It is very time consuming for the office to modify existing leases.
Any new adult in the property needs to complete an application at www.gdaapm.com. This must
ND 14
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 15 ---

be processed, approved, and the $150.00 paid BEFORE they are considered an authorized
occupant.
8. HOA Administration Fee - $35.00
This fee is normally charged after a second occurrence of a Home Owners Association violation.
This fee is in addition to any fine charged by the Home Owners Association. Instances of HOA
fines would be failing to bring trash cans from street, failure to mow or edge yard, or parking on
the yard or curb.
9. After Hours Maintenance Fee - $50.00
This fee is charged when a tenant will not meet a vendor during normal business hours or does
not release a key to the vendor to allow access when the tenant is not home to remedy the
maintenance concern. This fee DOES NOT apply to emergency maintenance issues. Additionally,
this fee is charged when tenants request after hours or weekend move in key pick-up.
10. Collection Administration Fee $200.00
Administration collection fees are charged when the company must initiate a collection to recoup
funds due to the company or the property owner. Examples are late fees, NSF fees, unauthorized
pet, or damages to the property caused by tenant. This fee is normally charged when a second
request for funds must be initiated.
11. Failure to Maintain Utilities $250.00
Tenants vacating the property are required to maintain utilities until the move out inspection has
been completed and/or through the last day of their lease. Failure to maintain utilities requires
the staff to reschedule the inspector, schedule utilities to be reconnected, delays any repairs
that might be needed, and potentially cost the owner days of rent.
12. Failure to Return Keys - $75.00
The lease states the tenants must return all keys, remote controls and pool and property access
passes. Failure to return the above cause’s additional staff time locate and coordinate the
re- issuance of these devices. Any costs incurred due to lost remotes, pool or gate access
devices will be charged to the tenant, in addition to this fee.
13. Rekey Without Notification - $150.00
If the tenant finds a need to rekey the property, GDAA Property Management will recommend
a preferred locksmith to change out the key. The tenant is responsible for only the cost of
rekeying if they notify our office as we can update our records. If the tenant changes the lock
and provides a key to our office, there will be no additional charge. Charges only occur when a
tenant changes the locks and fails to provide a key to our office.
14. Court Filing Fee - $75.00
In the event a tenant has received a Notice to Vacate and fails to bring their account current,
an Eviction Suit must be filed in the Justice Court. This fee is to cover the cost of preparing
the necessary paperwork and the time to physically file at the court. This charge is addition
to any cost charged by the court.
N\) 15
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 16 ---

15. Court Appearance Fee - $100.00
In the event a that a trial is scheduled due to the tenant’s failure to resolve any issues surrounding
the Notice to Vacate, this charge is applied to offset the cost of an employee to appear in court.
This charge is in addition to any costs charged by the court.
16. Administrative Lease Renewal Fee - $75.00
This fee is charged only when a tenant renews their lease for another term, regardless of the length
of the term. This fee is due on or before the new lease start date.
Ma Ds 02/10/2022
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
Tenant Signature Date
16
Doc ID: f37fe616dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c


--- Page 17 ---

V HELLOSIGN Audit Trail
TITLE 202 Yukon Cv Hutto, TX 78634 - Lease Agreement & Addendums
FILE NAME Tenant Lease.pdf, 2022 NTA TBP RC.pdf
DOCUMENT ID f37fe61 6dfc4544c40f6cced3f8c6 1d386eeee7c
AUDIT TRAIL DATE FORMAT MM / DD /YYYY
STATUS © Signed
Document History

G 02/10/2022 Sent for signature to Marvin Dixon (Marvindixon21@gmail.com)
SENT 16:08:05 UTC and Rebecca Panacci (rebecca@gdaapm.com) from
rebecca@gdaapm.com
IP: 187.144.64.210
<> 02 / 10 / 2022 Viewed by Marvin Dixon (marvindixon21@gmail.com)
VIEWED 17:15:13 UTC IP: 98.156.165.197
j- 02 / 10 / 2022 Signed by Marvin Dixon (marvindixon21@gmail.com)
SIGNED 17:16:49 UTC IP: 98.156.165.197
<2 02 / 10 / 2022 Viewed by Rebecca Panacci (rebecca@gdaapm.com)
VIEWED 21:18:50 UTC IP: 70.118.89.242
j- 02/10/2022 Signed by Rebecca Panacci (rebecca@gdaapm.com)
SIGNED 21:19:36 UTC IP: 70.118.89.242
Y 02/10/2022 The document has been completed.
COMPLETED 21:19:36 UTC
Powered by Y HELLOSIGN
