Filename: Abdi Ilmi 24-6004 Lease.pdf
Method: ocr
Pages: 26
Extracted: 2025-10-29T11:12:14.912545
============================================================


--- Page 1 ---

|
APARTMENT LEASE CONTRACT NAA.
7 MATIONAL APANIMEEHT ASSOGATION
oo He ed tr ty Fc
Date of Lease Contract:____— October 25, 2023)
(when the Lease Contract is filled out} This is a binding document. Read carefully before signing.
Moving In — General Information
1, PARTIES. This Lease Contract is between you, the resident(s) | 6. RENT AND CHARGES. Unless modified by addenda, you will pay
{list all people signing the Lease Contract): $_1370.00 __ per month for rent, payable in advance and without
Asiso Abdi Ilmi, Mohamud Wardheere demand:
ee @ atthe on-site manager's office, or
a at our online payment site, or
@ at https:///payments .gqozego.com/login/pm
a Prorated rentof$__183.00 __ isduefortheremainder of {check
Va —— a one): () ist month or () 2ndmonth,on
Otherwise, you must pay your rent on or before the 1st day of each
: month (due date) with no grace period. Cash is unacceptable without
and us, the owner: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP our orice written permission, You must not withhold or offset rent
es a el unless authorized by statute. We may, at our option, require atany
oo time that you pay all rent and other sums electronically, in cash,
or sc en SS certified or cashier's check, money order, or one monthly check
eee rather than multiple checks. At our discretion, we may convert any
{name of apartment community or title holder). and all checks via the Automated Clearing House (ACH) system for
Name of Person or Persons Authorized to Manage Apartment Community: the purposes of collecting payment. Rent is not considered accepted,
Perry Reid Properties ifthe payment/ACH is rejected, does not clear, or is stopped for any
reason. If you don't pay all rent on or before the_1st_ day ofthe
You've agreed to rent Apartment No,____24-6004 _at month, you'll pay a late charge. When rentis $700 or less, late charges
$004 Glen Circle 00 shall not exceed $12 per day, or a total amount of $60 per month;
Ss when rentis more than $700 per month, late charges shall not exceed
(streetaddressJin_._ === Johnston $20 per day or a total amount of $100 per month. You'll also pay a
(city), lowa,__50131 _ (zip code) (the “apartment” or the charge of$__25.00 for each returned check or rejected
“premises”) for use asa private residence only, The terms "you" and electronic payment, plus initial and daily late charges from due date
“your” refer to all residents listed above. The terms “we,” “us,” and until we receive acceptable payment. If you don't pay rent on time,
“our” refer to the owner listed above (or any of owner's successors’ you'll be delinquent and all remedies under this Lease Contract will
in interest or assigns). Written or electronic notice to or from our be authorized. We'll also have all other remedies for such violation,
managers constitutes notice to or from us. If anyone else has All payment obligations under this Lease Contract shall constitute
guaranteed performance of this Lease Contract, a separate Lease rent under this Lease Contract.
Contract Guaranty for each guarantor is attached.
7. UTILITIES. We'll pay for the following items, if checked:
2. OCCUPANTS. The apartment will be occupied only by you and QO water QO gas (Q)electricity ) master antenna
{list all other occupants not signing the Lease Contract}: O wastewater trash () cableTV
@ other Pest Conrol
—<$ You'll pay for all other utilities, related deposits, and any charges,
_>—<—S— aw fees, or services on such utilities. You must not allow utilities to be
——_—. disconnected forany reason—including disconnection for not paying
—_—.-s your bills—until the lease term or renewal period ends. Cable
sO channels thatare provided may be changed during the Lease Contract
— term if the change applies to all residents. Utilities may only be used
———] for normal household purposes and must not be wasted. If your
—— ——— — electricity is ever interrupted, you must use only battery-powered
———————— lighting. If your utility charges are determined by an individual
SS utility meter or an alternative formula, we will attach an addendum
—_—————————— Nae  q. to this Lease Contract in compliance with state agency rules or city
3. LEASETERM. The initial term of the Lease Contract begins on the ciemeaiiae
27th dayof____October _,_2023 and ends at | g, INSURANCE. Wedonotmaintaininsurance to cover your personal
11:59 pm the 31st dayof____ October __,_2024 property or personal injury. We are not responsible to any resident,
Renewal. This Lease Contract will automatically renew month- guest, or occupant for damage or loss of personal property or
to-month unless either party gives atleast__60 _ days written personal injury from (including but not limited to) fire, smoke, rain,
notice of termination or intentto move-out as required by paragraph flood, water and pipe leaks, hail, ice, snow, lightning, wind, explosions,
44 (Move-Out Notice). ifthe number of days isn’t filled in, at least 30 earthquake, interruption of utilities, theft, hurricane, negligence of
days notice required. other residents, occupants, or invited/uninvited guests or vandalism
unless such damage or loss is due to our negligence or we are liable
4, SECURITYDEPOSIT. Unless modified by addenda, the total security as otherwise required by law.
depositat the time! of execution of this Lease Contract for all residents In addition, we urge all Residents, and particularly those residing
inthe apartmentis$___0.00 __, (notto exceed 2 months rent) in coastal areas, areas near rivers, and areas prone to flooding, to
due on or before the date this Lease Contract is signed. obtain flood insurance. Renter's insurance may not cover damage
5. KEYS. You will be provided a apartment key(s), \ to your property due to flooding. Aflood insurance resource which
mailbox key(s), \ FOB(s), and and/or other andes may be available includes the National Flood Insurance Program
device(s) for access to the building and amenities at no additional managed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).
cost at move-in. If the key, FOB, or other access device is lost or We @ require () do not require you to get your own insurance
becomes damaged during your tenancy or is not returned or is for losses to your personal property or injuries due to theft, fire,
returned damaged when you move out, you will be responsible for water damage, pipe leaks and the like. If no box is checked, renter’s
the costs for the replacement and/or repair of the same. insurance is not required.
© 2023, Natlonal Apartment Association, inc. - 2/2023, lowa Page 1 of 7


--- Page 2 ---

Additionally, you are fcheck one] & required to purchase personal Payment for Rekeying, Repairs, Etc, You must pay forall repairs
‘ liability insurance () not required to purchase personal liability or replacements arising from misuse or damage to devices by you
2 insurance. If no box is checked, personal liability insurance is not or your occupants, or guests during your occupancy. You may be
. required. If required, failure to maintain personal liability insurance required to pay in advance if we notify you within a reasonable time
throughout your tenancy, including any renewal periods and/or after your request that you are more than 30 days delinquent in
lease extensions, may bean incurable breach of this Lease Contract reimbursing us for repairing or replacing adevice which was misused
and may result in the termination of tenancy and eviction and/or or damaged by you, your guest or an occupant; or if you have
any other remedies as provided by this Lease Contract or state law. requested that we repair or change or rekey the same device during
the 30 days preceding your request and we have complied with your
9. LOCKS AND LATCHES. Keyed lock(s} will be rekeyed after the request. Otherwise, you must pay immediately after the work is
prior resident moves out. The rekeying will be done before you move completed.
into your apartment,
You may at any time ask us to change or rekey locks or latches during
the Lease Term, We must comply with those requests, but you must
pay for them, unless otherwise provided by law.
Special Provisions and “What If” Clauses
10.SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions and any Disposition or Sale. Except for animals and property removed
addenda or written rules furnished to you at or before signing will after the death of a sole resident, we may throw away or give to a
become a part of this Lease Contract, These “Special Provisions” charitable organization all items of personal property that are: (1)
will override any sections of this lease in conflict with the Special left in the apartment after surrender or abandonment; or (2) left
Provisions. outside more than 1 hour after eviction is completed. Animals
See Additional Special Provisions removed after surrender, abandonment, or eviction may be kenneled
or turned over to local authorities or humane societies.
ee
| 14 FAILING TO PAY FIRST MONTH'S RENT. If you do not pay the
—— Soo — first month's rent when, or before, the Lease Contract begins, the
oe Landlord shall be entitled to serve a Three-Day Notice of Nonpayment
See any additional special provisions, of Rent/Notice to Quit, pursuant to Iowa Code §562A.27(2) and
11.EARLY MOVE-OUT. Ifyou: §648.3, and pursue any and all remedies available.”
(1) fail to give written move-out notice as required in paragraph | 15.RENT INCREASES AND LEASE CONTRACT CHANGES. No rent
44 (Move-Out Notice} or any other applicable law; or increases or Lease Contract changes are allowed before the initial
(2) move out without paying rent in full for the entire Lease Contract Lease Contract term ends, except for changes allowed by any special
term or renewal period; or provisions in paragraph 10 (Special Provisions), by a written
(3) move out at our demand because of your default; or addendum or amendment signed by you and us, or by reasonable
(4) are judicially evicted, changes of apartmentrules allowed under paragraph 19 (Community
You may he liable for all rent owed at the time and as it becomes due Policies or Rules). if, at least 5 days before the advance patie period
under the terms of your lease agreement until the apartment is re- referred to in paragraph 3 (Lease Term), we give you pvEeteD BoLIee
rented and you agree to be liable for repayment of any rent concession ofrent increases or Lease Contract changes effective when the Lease
that was given to you, Contract term or renewal period ends, this Lease Contract will
automatically continue month-to-month with the increased rent or
12.DAMAGES AND REIMBURSEMENT. You must promptly reimburse Lease Contract changes. The new modified Lease Contract will begin
us for loss, damage, government fines, or cost of repairs or service on the date stated in the notice (without necessity of your signature)
in the apartment community due to a violation of the Lease Contract untess you give us written move-out notice under paragraph 44
or rules, improper use, negligence, or intentional conduct by you or (Move-Out Notice).
wastewater araevage te dite beeen piss the damage or | 4 yey ay OF OCCUPANCY. If occupancy is or will be delayed for
a aS construction, repairs, cleaning, or a previous resident’s holding
over, we're not responsible for the delay. The Lease Contract will
damage ta the followlng that result from your or your invitees, remain in force subject to: (1) reduction of rent on a daily basis
guests.—or_occupants negligence or intentional acts: during delay; and (2) your right to terminate as set forth below,
{2)-damage to doors. windows. or screens: (2) damage from Termination notice must be in writing. After termination, you are
windows or doors left open: and (3) damage from wastewater entitled only to refund of deposit{s) and any rent paid. Rent reduction
peering omega aE as ete MT or Lease Contract termination does not apply if delay is for cleaning
including advance payment of repairs for which you're Hable. We or repairs that don't prevent you from occupying the apartment.
have not waived our right to collect these payments from you if if there is a delay and we haven't given notice of delay as set forth
there is a delay in our demanding payment from you. immediately below, you may terminate up to the date when the
apartment is ready for occupancy, but not later.
13.PROPERTY LEFT INAPARTMENT. “Apartment” excludes common . . . a
areas but includes interior living areas and exterior patios, balconies, (1) Ifwe give iets notice to any of you when or after the initial
attached garages, and storerooms far your exclusive use. term as set forth in paragraph 3 (Lease Term)—and the notice
states that occupancy has been delayed because of construction
Removal After Surrender, Abandonment, or Eviction. We or or a previous resident's holding over, and that the apartment
law officers may remove and/or store all property remaining in the will be ready on a specific date—you may terminate the Lease
apartment or in common areas (including any vehicles you or any Contract within 3 days of your receiving the notice, but not
occupant or guest owns or uses) if you are judicially evicted or if later.
you surrender or abandon the apartment (see definitions in 7 . a
paragraph 49 (Deposit Return, Surrender, and Abandonment)). {2} If we give written notice to any of you before the initial term
as set forth in paragraph 3 (Lease Term) and the notice states
Storage. We may store, buthave no duty to store, property removed that construction delay Is expected and that the apartment will
after judicial eviction, surrender, or abandonment of the apartment. be ready for you to occupy on a specific date, you may terminate
You must pay reasonable charges for our packing, removing, or the Lease Contract within 7 days after any of you receives
storing any property. written notice, but not later. The readiness date is considered
Redemption. If we've removed and stored property after the new initlal term as set forth in paragraph 3 (Lease Term)
surrender, abandonment, or judicial eviction, you may redeem only for all purposes. This new date may not be moved to an earlier
by paying packing, removal and storage charges. We may return date unless we and you agree.
redeemed property at the place of storage, the management office,
or the apartment {at our option). We may require payment by cash, 17.AD VALOREM TAXES/ FE ES AND es ° ADDITIONAL RENT.
money order, or certified check. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, if, during the term of this Lease
Contract, any locality, city, state, or Federal Government imposes
upon us, any fee, charge, or tax, which is related to or charged by
the number of occupants, or by the apartment itself, such that we
are charged a fee, charge, or tax, based upon your use or occupancy
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 2/2023, lowa Page 2 of 7


--- Page 3 ---

{ |
t
of the apartment, we may add this charge as Additional Rent, during medical services as permitted by lowa Code 562A.27B(2)(e), and
the term of the Lease Contract, with thirty (30) days advance written any utility bill unpaid by you, which is then assessed te us for
. notice to you. After this written notice (the amount or approximate payment.
‘ amount of the charge, will be included), you agree to pay, as Additional
Rent, the amount of the charge, tax or fee imposed upon us, as a 18.DISCLOSURE RIGHTS. Ifsomeone requests information on you
result of your occupancy. As examples, these charges can include, or your rental history for law-enforcement, governmental, or
butare not limited to: any charges we receive for any zoning violation, business purposes, we may provide it.
sound, noise or litter charge; any charge under any nuisance or
chronic nuisance type statute, law enforcement and/or emergency
While You're Living in the Apartment
19.COMMUNITY POLICIES OR RULES. You and all guests and (3) has no current license plate or no current registration and/or
occupants must comply with any written apartment rules and inspection sticker; or
community policies, including instructions for care of our property. (4) takes up more than one parking space; or
Our rules are considered part of this Lease Contract. We may make (5) belongs to a resident or occupant who has surrendered or
reasonable changes to written rules in accordance with applicable abandoned the apartment; or
laws. (6) is parked in a marked handicap space without the legally
required handicap insignia; or
20.LIMITATIONS ON CONDUCT. The apartment and other areas (7) is parked in space marked for manager, staff, or guest at the
reserved for your private use must be kept clean and free of trash, office; or
garbage, and other debris. Trash must be disposed of at least weekly (8) blocks another vehicle from exiting; or
in appropriate receptacles in accordance with local ordinances. (9) is parked ina fire lane or designated “no parking" area; or
Passageways may be used only for entry or exit. You agree to keep (10}is parked in a space marked for other resident(s) or unit(s); or
all passageways and common areas free of obstructions such as (11) is parked on the grass, sidewalk, or patio; or
trash, storage items, and all forms of personal property. No person (12)blocks garbage trucks from access to a dumpster; or
shall ride or allow bikes, skateboards, or other similar objects in (13) belongs toaresident and is parked ina visitor or retail parking
the passageways. Any swimming pools, saunas, spas, tanning beds, space.
exercise rooms, storerooms, laundry rooms, and similar areas must
be used with care in accordance with apartment rules and posted | 23.RELEASE OF RESIDENT. Unless you're entitled to terminate your
signs. Glass containers are prohibited in or near pools and all common tenancy under paragraphs 10 (Special Provisions), 16 (Delay of
areas. You, your occupants, or guests may not anywhere in the Occupancy), 32 (Responsibilities of Owner), 44 (Move-Out Notice),
apartment community: use candles or use kerosene lamps without or any other applicable law, you won't be released from this Lease
our prior written approval; cook on balconies or outside; or solicit Contract for any reason—including but not limited to voluntary or
business or contributions. Conducting any kind of business (including involuntary school withdrawal or transfer, voluntary or involuntary
child care services) in your apartment or in the apartment community job transfer, marriage, separation, divorce, reconciliation, loss ofco-
is prohibited—except that any lawful business conducted “at home” residents, loss of employment, bad health, or death.
by computer, mail, or telephone is permissible if customers, clients,
patients, or other business associates do notcometoyourapartment | 24-MILITARYPERSONNELCLAUSE, All partiestothis Lease Contract
for business purposes. We may regulate: (1} the use of patios, agree to comply with any federal law, including, but not limited to
balconies, and porches; (2) the conduct of furniture movers and the Service Member's Civil Relief Act, or any applicable state law(s),
delivery persons; and (3) recreational activities in common areas. ifyou are seeking to terminate this Lease Contract and/or subsequent
7 renewals and/or Lease Contract extensions under the rights granted
We may exclude from the apartment community, to the extent by such laws.
permitted by lowa statutes, guests or others who, in our judgment,
have been violating the law, violating this Lease Contract or any | 25. RESIDENT SAFETYAND PROPERTY LOSS. Youandall occupants
apartment rules, or disturbing other residents, neighbors, visitors, and guests must exercise due care for your own and others’ safety
or owner representatives. We may also exclude from any outside and security, especially in the use of smoke and carbon monoxide
area or common area to the extent permitted by Iowa statutes, a detectors, keyed deadbolt locks, keyless bolting devices, window
person who refuses to show photo identification or refuses to identify latches, and other access control devices.
mae her yim aderhag ident, occupant, or quest of @ specific Smoke and Carbon Monoxide Detectors, We'll furnish smoke and
carbon monoxide detectors only if required by statute, and we'll test
You agree to notify us if you or any occupants are convicted of any them and provide working batteries when you first take possession.
felony, or misdemeanor involving a controlled substance, violence After that, you must test the smoke detectors and the carbon monoxide
to another person or destruction of property. You also agree to detectors on a regular basis, and pay for and replace batteries as
notify us if you or any occupant registers as a sex offender in any needed, unless the law provides otherwise. You must test automatic
state. Informing us of criminal convictions or sex offender registry fire alarms at the beginning of your lease term and monthly thereafter.
does not waive our right to evict you. We may replace dead or missing batteries at your expense, without
prior notice to you. You must immediately report smoke and carbon
21,PROHIBITED CONDUCE, You, your occupants or guests, or the monoxide detector malfunctions to us. Neither you nor others may
guests of any occupants, may not engage in the following activities: disable the smoke and carbon monoxtde detectors, If you damage or
behaving in a loud or obnoxious manner; disturbing or threatening disable the smoke and carbon monoxide detectors or remove a battery
the rights, comfort, health, safety, or convenience of others {including without replacing it with a working battery, you may be liable to us
our agents and employees) In or near the apartment community; for $100 plus one month’s rentand actual damages as and if permitted
disrupting on business operations; manufacturing, delivering, by the Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant Law, Iowa Code
possessing with intent to deliver, or otherwise possessing. a controlled Chapter 562A. If you disable or damage the smoke and carbon |
substance ts drug par aphernalia; engaging in or threatening monoxide detectors, or fail to replace a dead battery or report
violence; possessing a weapon prohibited by state law; discharging malfunctions to us, you will be liable to us and others for any loss,
a firearm in the apartment community; displaying or possessing a damage, or fines from fire, smoke, or water.
gun, knife, or other weapon in the common area in a way that may ; " ° .
alarm others; storing anything in closets having gas appliances; Casualty Loss. We're not liable to any resident, guest, or occupant
tampering with utilities or telecommunications; bringing hazardous for personal injury or damage or loss of personal property from any
materials into the apartment community; or injuring our reputation cause, including but not limited to: fire, smoke, rain, flood, water and
by making bad faith allegations against us to others. pipe leaks, hail, ice, snow, lightning, wind, explosions, interruption
of utilities, theft, or vandalism unless such damage or loss is due to
22.PARKING. We may regulate the time, manner, and place of parking our negligence or we are liable as otherwise required hy law. We have
all cars, trucks, motorcycles, bicyctes, boats, trailers, and recreational no duty to remove any ice, sleet, or snow but may remove any amount
vehicles. Motorcycles or motorized bikes may not be parked inside with or without notice. During freezing weather, you must ensure
an apartment unit or on sidewalks, under stairwells, or in that the temperature in the apartmentis sufficientto make sure that
handicapped parking areas. We may have unauthorized or illegally the pipes do not freeze (the appropriate temperature will depend
parked vehicles towed by following applicable state law procedures. upon weather conditions and the size and layout of your unit), Ifthe
A vehicle is unauthorized or illegally parked in the apartment pipes freeze or any other damage is caused by your failure to properly
community if it: maintain the heat in your apartment, you'l! be liable for damage to
(1) has a flat tire or other condition rendering it inoperable; or parceled obesity hs alan Sueriy Simao ety met
(2) is ca jacks, blocks or bas wheel(s) missing: or us and hold us harmless from all liability for these services unless
such liability arises out of our negligence or fault.
© 2023, National Apartment Association, inc. - 2/2023, lowa Page 3 of 7


--- Page 4 ---

(
Crime or Emergency. Dial 911 or immediately cali local medical reasonably without substantially increasing your utility costs. We
emergency, fire, or police personnel in case of accident, fire, smoke, may turn off equipment and interrupt utilities as needed to avoid
or suspected criminal activity, or other emergency invoiving imminent property damage or to perform work. [f utilities malfunction or are
; harm. You should then contact our representative. Unless otherwise damaged by fire, water, or stmilar cause, you must notify our
provided by law, we're not liable to you or any guests or occupants representative immediately. Air conditioning problems are not
for injury, damage, or lass to person or property caused by criminal emergencies. If air conditioning or other equipment malfunctions,
conductof other persons, including theft, burglary, assault, vandalism, you must notify our representative as soon as possible ona business
or other crimes. We're not obliged to furnish security personnel, day. We'll act with customary diligence to make repairs and
security lighting, security gates or fences, or other forms of security. reconnections. Rent will not abate in whole or in partunless authorize
if we provide any access control devices or security measures upon under Iowa law.
the peed vy, they oth nota ——— cy ——- crane On ED pap If we believe that fire or catastrophic damage is substantial, or that
LE a ae property. ouagree ee ace contre es performance of needed repairs poses a danger to you, we may
security measures can eliminate all crime and that you will not rely terminate your tenancy within a reasonable time by giving you
upon any provided access control orsecurity aoesourte asa warranty written notice. Ifyour tenancy is so terminated, we'll refund prorated
or ‘guarantee of any kind. We ‘re not responsible for obtaining criminal- rent and all deposits, less awful deductions.
history checks on any residents, occupants, guests, or contractor's in
the apartment community. Ifyou or any occupantor guestisaffected | 28 ANIMALS. Unless otherwise provided under federal, state, or
byacrime, you must make a written report to our representative and local law, no animals {including mammals, reptiles, birds, fish,
to the appropriate local law-enforcement agency. You also must furnish rodents, and insects} are allowed, even temporarily, anywhere in
us with the law-enforcement agency's incident report number upon the apartment or apartment community unless we've so authorized
request, in writing. You must remove an illegal or unauthorized animal within
24 hours of notice from us, or you will be considered in default of
sialon Orr “me es a D eee ee Moser this Lease Contract. In the event you possess an animal in violation
7 apa ment, 7 ures ane furniture esi excep pron of this paragraph, we shall be entitled to serve a Notice of
materially affecting the health or safety of ordinary persons. We Noncompliance, pursuant to the terms of Iowa Code §562A.27(1)
disclaim all implied warranties except thos e required by Iowa and pursue any and all remedies available. If we allow an animal as
statutes. You'll be given an Inventory and Condition form on or before a pet, you must execute a separate animal addendum which may
move-in. You must note onthe form all defects Mes damage and return require additional deposits, rents, fees or other charges. An animal
it to our representative. eee eo ae bee anes deposit is considered a general security deposit. We will authorize
to be ina clean, safe, and good working condition. an assistance animal for a disabled person. When allowed by
You must use customary diligence in maintaining the apartment and applicable laws, before we authorize an assistance animal, if the
not damaging or littering the common areas. Unless authorized by disability is not readily apparent, we may require a written statement
statute or by us in writing, you must not perform any repairs, painting, from a qualified professional verifying the disability-related need
wallpapering, carpeting, electrical changes, or otherwise alter our for the assistance animal. If we authorize an assistance animal, we
property. No holes or stickers are allowed inside or outside the may require you to execute a separate animal and/or assistance
apartment, But we'll permit a reasonable number of small nail holes animal addendum. Animal deposits, additional rents, fees or other
for hanging pictures on sheetrock walls and in grooves of wood- charges will not be required for an assistance animal needed due
paneied walls, unless ourrules state otherwise. No water furniture, to disability, including an emotional support or service animal, as
washing machines, additional phone or TV-cable outlets, alarm authorized under federal, state, or local law. You must not feed stray
systems, or lock changes, additions, or rekeying is permitted unless or wild animals.
statutorily OR consented ne writing. os may ee a If you or any guest or occupant violates animal restrictions (with
satellite dish or antenna provided you sign our satellite dish or or without your knowledge}, you'll be subject to charges, damages,
antenna lease addendum which complies with reasonable restrictions eviction, and other remedies provided in this Lease Contract. Ifan
allowed by federal lave) Youtlzgrec|not to altes, damage, (crremove animal has been in the apartment at any time during your term of
our property, including alarm systems, smoke and carbon monoxide occupancy (with or without our consent), we'll charge you for
Getavtores, furnicere) telephone and cable TV wiring, S phat locks, defleaing, deodorizing, and shampooing. Initial and daily animal-
and hana control devices. When Allaah in, we'll supply light violation charges and animal-removal charges are liquidated
‘mn for fixtures Mg furnish, ine naing oor ; ikea operated damages for our time, inconvenience, and overhead (except for
ee the apartment; after ‘ you™ Tepiace them at your attorney’s fees as and if permitted by the Uniform Residential
carne oe ee type and wattage. Your ar adhe Landlord and Tenant Law, lowa Code Chapter 562A and litigation
to the apartment (wt et er or not we consent) become ours unless costs} in enforcing animal restrictions and rules. We may remove
we agree otherwise in writing. an unauthorized animal by following the procedures of paragraph
27.REQUESTS, REPAIRS, AND MALFUNCTIONS. IFYOUORANY | 33 (Default by Resident).
OCCUPANT NEEDS TO SEND ANOTICE ORREQUEST—FOREXAMPLE, | 99 wHENWEMAYENTER. We may enter the Apartmentat any time,
piper peer da pan id as with or without your permission, in cases of emergency. For all other
TENANT/MAINTENANCE PORTAL, OR SIGNED AND IN WRITING ere bats soe gee i —— ars F oring a nt
AND DELIVERED TO OUR DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE [except | wag i tach hah iat,
. . . . for more than 14 days, we may enter at a reasonable time.
in case of fire, smoke, gas, explosion, overflowing sewage,
uncontrollable running water, electrical shorts, or crime in progress). | 39,J0INT AND SEVERAL RESPONSIBILITY. You are individually
Our written notes on your oral request do not constitute a written responsible forall Lease Contract obligations. You are also responsible
request from you. for all other residents’ Lease Contract obligations. If you or any guest
Our complying with or responding to any oral request regarding or occupant violates the Lease Contract or rules, all residents are
security or non-security matters doesn’t waive the strictrequirement considered to have violated the Lease Contract. Notices and requests
for written notices under this Lease Contract. You must promptly from any resident or occupant (including notices of tenancy
notify usin writing of: water leaks; electrical problems; malfunctioning termination, repair requests, and entry permissions) constitute
lights; broken or missing locks or latches; and other conditions that notice from all residents. Security deposit refunds may be by one
pose a hazard to property, health, or safety. We may change or install check jointly payable to all residents; the check and any deduction
utility lines or equipment serving the apartment ifthe work is done itemizations may be mailed to one resident only.
31.REPLACEMENTS AND SUBLETTING. Replacing a resident, (3) you will remain liable for all Lease Contract obligations for the
subletting, assignment, or grant aright or license to occupy is allowed rest of the original Lease Contract term.
only when we expressly consent in writing. [fdeparting or remaining Procedures for Replacement. If we approve a replacement
residents find a replacement resident acceptable tous before moving resident, then, at our option: (1) the replacement resident must sign
out and we expressly consent, in writing, to the replacement, this Lease Contract with or without an increase in the total security
subletting, assignment, or granting a right or any license to occupy, deposit; or (2) the remaining and replacement residents must sign
then: an entirely new Lease Contract. Unless we agree otherwise in writing,
(1) are-renting charge will not be due; your security deposit will automatically transfer to the replacement
(2} an administrative (paperwork) and/ortransfer fee will be due, resident as of the date we approve. The departing resident will no
and a rekeying fee will be due if rekeying is requested or longer have a right to occupancy or a security deposit refund,
required; and
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 2/2023, lowa Page 4 of 7


--- Page 5 ---

{
‘
: Responsibilities of Owner and Resident
32.RESPONSIBILITIES OF OWNER. We'll act with customary If you breach this Lease Contract for any reason (other than your
, diligence to: failure to pay rent), we will issue to you a written seven day notice
(1) keep common areas reasonably clean, subject to paragraph 26 to cure. Ifyou do not cure the breach within this 7 day period, your
{Condition of the Premises and Alterations); tenancy is terminated and we may pursue all remedies and all rights
(2) maintain fixtures, furniture, hot water, heating and A/C afforded to us under this Lease Contract and lowa law.
equipment; Termination. Termination of the tenancy, whether initiated by
(3} comply with applicable federal, state, and local laws regarding the Landlord or not, does not terminate the Tenant’s contractual
safety, sanitation, and fair housing; and obligation to pay sums due under the lease, A Tenant who vacates
(4) make all reasonable repairs, subject to your obligation to pay during the lease term is responsible for rent payments until the
for damages for which you are liable. lease expires or the apartment is re-rented.
If we violate any of the above, you may terminate your tenancy and Holdover. You or any occupant, invitee, or guest must not hold
exercise other remedies under state statute by following this over beyond the date contained in your move-out notice or our notice
procedure: to vacate (or beyond a different move-out date agreed to by the
(a) you must make a written request for repair or remedy of the parties in writing). If a holdover occurs, then: (1) holdover rent is
condition: due in advance ona daily basis and may become delinquent without
(b) after receiving the request, we have areasonable time to repair, notice or demand; (2) rent for the holdover period will be increased
considering the nature of the problem and the reasonable by 25% over the then-existing rent, without notice; (3) you'll be
availability of materials, labor and utilities; liable to us for all rent for the full term of the previously signed
a - - 7
(c) ifwe haven't diligently tried to repair within a reasonable time, Lease Contract of a new resident who can’t occupy because of the
you must then give us written notice of intent to terminate your holdover; and (4) at our option, we may extend the Lease Contract
tenancy unless the repair is made within 7 days; and term—for up to one month from the date of notice of Lease Contract
(d) if repair hasn’t been made within 7 days, you may terminate extension—by delivering written notice to you or your apartment
your tenancy and exercise other statutory remedies. Security while you continue to hold over.
deposits and prorated rent will be refunded as required by law. Remedies Cumulative. Any remedies set forth herein shall be
cumulative, in addition to, and not in limitation of, any other remedies
33.DEFAULT BY RESIDENT. You'll be in default if you or any guest available to Landlord under any applicable law.
or occupant violates any terms of this Lease Contract including but Other R di WwW id ° di
not limited to the following violations: (1) you don’t pay rent or other t eTUReMmed ies. e may report unpai amounts to credit
amounts that you owe when due; (2) you or any guest or occupant agencies. If you default and move out early, you will pay us any
violates the apartment rules, or fire, safety, health, or criminal laws, amounts peste folks rental discounts in paragraph 10 (Special
regardless of whether or where arrest or conviction occurs; (3) you Provisions}, in addition to other sums due. Upon your default, we
abandon the apartment; (4) you give incorrect or false answers in have all other legal remedies, including tenancy termination. lf
arental application; (5) you or any occupant is arrested or convicted, allowed by Iowa law, the prevailing eee in 7 lawsuit wnder ms
or involving possession, manufacture, or delivery of a controlled contract, may aoe ee tiga! on costs. Late charges are liquidate
substance, marijuana, or drug paraphernalia; (6) any illegal drugs damages for our time, inconvenience, and overhead in collecting
or paraphernalia are found in your apartment; (7) you or occupant late rent (but OM nae for attorney's fees as and if permitted by the
engages in any of the prohibited conduct described in paragraph Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant Law, lowa Code Chapter
21 (Prohibited Conduct); or (8) you or any occupant, in bad faith, 562A and litigation costs). All unpaid amounts shall bear interest
makes an invalid complaint to an official or employee of a utility at the maximum rate permitted by law per year from due date,
company or the government. compounded annually. You must pay all collection-agency fees if
| . . you fail to pay allsums due within 10 days after we mail you a letter
Eviction. Ifyou failto pay rent we will issue a 3 Day Notice to Pay demanding payment and stating that collection agency fees will be
Rent pursuant to Iowa law. If you fail to pay rent within this 3 day added if you don’t pay all sums by that deadline,
period, your tenancy is terminated and we may pursue all remedies Mitizati fD If t earl "I be subject
and all rights afforded to us under this Lease Contract and lowa —— eye an we re re you 4 is ti
law, including filing a forcible entry and detainer action witha court tole aragrap: (Ear! ry Move- ud} and all of eh pg
of competent jurisdiction. exercise customary diligence to re-rent and mitigate the amount
you owe us, We'll credit all subsequent rent that we actually receive
from subsequent residents against your liability for past-due and
future rent and other sums due.
General Clauses
34,ENTIRE AGREEMENT. Neither we nor any of our representatives C. No employee, agent, or management company is personally liable
have made any oral promises, representations, or agreements. This for any of our contractual, statutory, or other obligations merely
Lease Contract is the entire agreement between you and us. by virtue of acting on our behalf.
D. This Lease Contract binds subsequent owners. Neither an invalid
35.NO AUTHORITY TO AMEND UNLESS IN WRITING. clause nor the omission of initials on any page invalidates this
Our representatives (including management personnel, employees, Lease Contract,
and agents} have no authority to waive, amend, or terminate this E. All provisions regarding our non-liability and non-duty apply to
Lease Contract or any part ofit, unless in writing, and no authority our employees, agents, and management companies.
to make promises, representations, or agreements that impose F. This Lease Contract is subordinate or superior to existing and
security duties or other obligations on us or our representatives future recorded mortgages, at lender’s option.
unless in writing, G. All Lease Contract obligations must be performed in the county
where the apartment is located,
36.NO WAIVER. No action or omission of our representative will be H. Cable promo that are provided may be changed during the
considered a waiver of any subsequent violation, defauit, or time or Lease Contract term if the change applies to all residents.
place of performance. Our not enforcing or belatedly enforcing I. Utilities may be used only for normal household purposes and
ire ved Ea vvareath op due dates, — liens, must not be wasted. If your electricity is ever interrupted, you
or other rights isn't a waiver under any circumstances. must use only battery-operated lighting,
37.NOTICE. Except when notice or demand is required by statute, J. Alldiscretionary rights reserved for us within this Lease Contract
you waive any notice and demand for performance from us if you ai a os addendalane/aiionnisolsiandfabsatate
default. Written notice to or from our managers constitutes notice —
to or from Us. Any person giving a notice under this Lease Contract 39.CONTACTING YOU. By signing this lease, you are agreeing that
eanerehieaen ee of an ae letter be ir that was given. Fax we, our representative(s) or agent(s) may contact you. You agree
sig es ng. 41) notices must be signec. that we may contact you using any contact information relating to
38. MISCELLANEOUS your lease including any number {i) you have provided to us (ii)
A. If we exercise one legal right against you, we still have all other aber te erates or (iif) wh ich piety alte and through
legal rights available in any legal proceeding against you. ee ee eee hee you, Fou agree we may
B. Insurance subrogation is waived by all parties. use any means to contact you. This may include calls made to your
cellular telephone using an automatic telephone dialing system,
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 2/2023, lowa Page 5 of 7


--- Page 6 ---

{
artificial or prerecorded voice messages, text messages, mail, e-mail, Furthermore, if such an event damages the property to materially
J and calls to your phone or Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service, affect its habitability by some or all residents, we reserve the right
or any other data or voice transmission technology. You agree to to vacate any and all leases and you agree to excuse us from any
promptly notify us if you change any contactinformation you provide further performance of obligations and undertakings hereunder,
to us. You are responsible for any service provider charges as a to the full extent allowed under applicable law,
result of us contacting you.
42.PAYMENTS. At our option and without notice, we may apply money
40.OBLIGATION TO VACATE, If we provide you with a notice to received (other than sale proceeds under paragraph 13 (Property
vacate, or if you provide us witha written notice to vacate or intent Left in Apartment) or utility payments subject to governmental
to move-out in accordance with the Lease Terms paragraph, and regulations) first to any of your unpaid obligations, then to current
we accept such written notice, then you are required to vacate the rent—regardless of notations on checks or money orders and
Apartment and remove all of your personal property therefrom at regardless of when the obligations arose. All sums other than rent
the expiration of the Lease term, or by the date set forth in the notice are due upon our demand.
to vacate, whichever date is earlier, without further notice or demand
from us. 43. ASSOCIATION MEMBERSHIP. We represent that either: (1) we
or; (2) the management company that represents us, is at the time
41.FORCE MAJEURE. If we are prevented from completing of signing this Lease Contract or a renewal of this Lease Contract,
performances of any obligations hereunder by an act of God, strikes, a member of both the National Apartment Association and any
epidemics, war, acts of terrorism, riots, flood, fire, hurricane, tornado, affiliated state and local apartment (multi-housing) associations
sabotage, or other occurrence which is beyond the control of the for the area where the apartment is located.
parties, then we shall be excused from any further performance of
obligations and undertakings hereunder, to the full extent allowed
under applicable law.
When Moving Out
44,.MOVE-OUT NOTICE. Before moving out, either at the end of the a. The Security Deposit may not be usedas rent. The Tenant expressly
lease term, any extension of the lease term, or prior to the end of acknowledges that the Security Deposit may not be applied to
the lease term, you must give our representative advance written rent for the last month of the tenancy. If rent is unpaid, the
notice of your intention to vacate as required by paragraph 3 (Lease Landlord may elect to terminate the tenancy and evict the Tenant,
Term). Ifyou move out prior to the end of the lease term, your notice regardless of the amount of the Security Deposit held by the
does not act as a release of liability for the full term of the Lease Landlord.
Contract. Subject to our mitigation efforts, you will still be liable b. Ifthe Security Depositis held in an interest-bearing account, the
for the entire Lease Contract term if y ‘au move out early (see Tenant will receive the interest thereon after the first five (5)
paragraph 23 - Release of Resident) exceptif: youare able to terminate years. Any interest earned on the Security Deposit during the
the Lease Contract under the statutory rights explained under first five (5) years of tenancy shall be the property ofthe Landlord.
paragraphs 11 (Early Move-Out), 23 (Release of Resident), or any
other applicable law. All notices to vacate must be in writing and c. At the termination of tenancy, the Security Deposit shall be
must provide the date by which you intend to vacate. If the notice disbursed pursuant to Iowa Code §562A.12. The tenant must
does not comply with the time requirements of paragraph 3 (Lease vacate the Rental Unit, return all keys, and provide the Landlord
Term), even if you move by the last date in the lease term, you wil! with a mailing address or delivery instructions upon move-out.
be responsible for an additional month's rent. If you fail to vacate
by the date set forth in your notice, you will automatically and 49.DEPOSIT RETURN, SURRENDER, AND ABANDONMENT. 7
immediately become a holdover tenant pursuant to state law, and Deposit Return and Forwarding Address. You are required to
we will have all remedies available under this Lease Contract and provide us written notice of your forwarding address, on or before
state law. termination of this Lease Contract. We'll mail you, to the forwarding
address you provide, your security deposit refund (less lawful
45.MOVE-OUT PROCEDURES. The move-out date can’t be changed deductions) and an itemized accounting of any deductions within
unless we and you both agree in writing. You won't move out before 30 days of the termination of the tenancy and receipt of forwarding
the Lease Contract term or renewal period ends unless all rent for address or other delivery instructions you provide. If you fail to
the entire Lease Contract term or renewal period is paid in full. provide us with your forwarding address in writing, as required
Early move-out may result in re-renting charges and acceleration above, we will mail your security deposit refund (less lawful
of future rent under paragraphs 11 (Early Move-Out) and 33 (Default deductions) and an itemized accounting of any deductions to your
by Resident). You’re prohibited from applying any security deposit last known address.
to rent. You won't stay beyond the date you are supposed to move Surrender. You have surrendered the apartment when: (1) the
out. All residents, guests, and occupants must abandon the apartment move-out date has passed and ne one is living in the apartment in
before the 30-day period for deposit refund begins. You must give our reasonable judgment; or (2) all apartment keys and access
us and the U.S. Postal Service, in writing, each resident's forwarding devices listed in paragraph 5 (Keys) have been turned in where rent
address. is paid—whichever date occurs first.
46.CLEANING. You must thoroughly clean the apartment, including Abandonment. You have abandoned the apartment when all of
doors, windows, furniture, bathrooms, kitchen appliances, patios, the following have occurred: (1) everyone appears to have moved
balconies, garages, carports, and storage rooms. You must follow out in our reasonable judgment; (2) clothes, furniture, and personal
move-out cleaning instructions if they have been provided. If you belongings have been substantially removed in our reasonable
don’t clean adequately, you may be liable for reasonable cleaning Judgment; (3) you've been in default for non-payment of rent for S
charges. consecutive days, or water, gas, or electric service for the apartment
not connected in our name has been terminated; and (4) you've not
47.MOVE-OUTINSPECTION. You should meet with our representative responded for 2 days to our notice left on the inside of the main
for a move-out inspection. Our representative has no authority to entry door, stating that we consider the apartment abandoned. An
bind or limit us regarding deductions for repairs, damages, or apartment is also “abandoned” 10 days after the death of a sole
charges. Any statements or estimates by us or our representative resident.
are eee eS our correction, modification, or disapproval before Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction ends your right of
final refunding or accounting. possession for all purposes and gives us the immediate right to:
48.SECURITY DEPOSIT DEDUCTIONS AND OTHER CHARGES. clean up, make repairs in, and relet the apartment; determine any
At the time of the execution of this Lease, the Tenant shall pay to security deposit deductions; and remove property left in the
the Landlord in trustthe sum stated in paragraph 4 (Security Deposit apartment. Surrender, abandonment, and judicial eviction affect
paragraph} (not to exceed two months’ periodic rent, pursuant to your rights to P roperty left in the apartment (paragr: aph 13 7
Iowa Code §562A,12(1)}) to be held and disbursed as a Security Prop erty Left in Apartment), but do not affect our mitigation
Deposit. obligations (paragraph 33 - Default by Resident).
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 2/2023, lowa Page 6 of 7


--- Page 7 ---

{
: Severability, Originals and Attachments, and Signatures
, 50.SEVERABILITY. Ifany provision of this Lease Contractisinvalid | Address and phone number of owner's representative for notice
or unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be | purposes
ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only | 6290 Clark Lane Johnston IA
without invalidating or otherwise affectingthe remainder ofthis |~ ©
Lease Contract. The court shall interpret the lease and provisions |" SSOSC<;«7;7<; ;37;7 }TFtCSC<CS*é<‘<;<;<7; ORT!
herein ina manner such as to uphold the valid portions of this Lease (15)251-4592 C‘C;73}EDTTCSCS*é<S:tS ) 251-4592
Contract while preserving the intent of the parties,
Date form is filled out (same as on top of page 1)
51.0RIGINALS AND ATTACHMENTS. This Lease Contract has been 10/25/2023
executed in multiple originals, with original signatures. We will a ;
provide you with a copy ofthe Lease Contract. Your copy ofthe Lease | Name and address of locater service (if applicable}
Contract may be in paper format, in an electronic format at your
request, or sent via e-mail if we have communicated by e-mail about
this Lease. Our rules and community policies, ifany, willbe attached
to the Lease Contract and provided to you at signing. When an
Inventory and Condition form is completed, you should retain a . ‘ -
copy, and we should retain a copy. Any addenda or amendments you Resident * , ints (all sign below) 7 A a F ss
sign asa part of executing this Lease Contract are binding and hereby : {j= >
incorporated into and made part of the Lease Contract between you
and us. This lease is the entire agreement between you and us. You x ihn 9-76C-IpZ3
acknowledge that you are NOT relying on any oral representations. —biife tims se-Z26-Z22F - - - - —
A copy or scan of this Lease Contract and related addenda,
amendments, and agreements may be used for any purpose and
shall be treated as an original. 0 0
You are legally bound by this document. Please read it carefully. | Owner or Owner's Representative (signing on behalf of owner)
Before submitting a rental application or signing a Lease eS
Contract, you may take a copy of these documents to review and/
or consult an attorney.
Additional provisions or changes may be made in the Lease
Contract if agreed to in writing by all parties.
SPECIAL PROVISIONS (CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2) * No cash or money order Payments allowed* 60 day written
notice much be recaived prior to the first day of the month prior to the iast full calendar
month of termination. Same rules apply to terminate a month to month tenancy. $50 two
bedroom, $60 Three bedroom Eco Fee for water, sewer, refuse, and storm water for market
apartments.
eS ES S===
———
Neen SS... SS...
© 2023, National Apartment Association, Inc. lowa/National Apartment Association Official Form, February 2023 Page 7 of 7 2


--- Page 8 ---

ANIMAL ADDENDUM NAA
Please note: We consider animals a serious responsibility and a risk to each resident in the apartment. Ifyou do not properly
control and care for an animal, you'll be keld lable if it causes any damage or disturbs other residents,

1. APARTMENT DESCRIPTION. 6. LIABILITY NOT LIMITED. The additional monthly rent and
Apt.No.___——s 24-6004 6004 Glen additional security deposit under this Animal Addendum do
Carcoke not limit residents’ liability for property damages, cleaning,
— treet address} in deodorization, defleaing, replacements, or personal injuries,

Johnston
(city), lowa, 50131 (zip code). 7. DESCRIPTION OF ANIMAL{S). You may keep only the
animal(s) described below. You may not substitute any other

Z. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. animal{s). Neither you nor your guests or occupants may bring
Lease Contract Date: October 25, 2023) any other animal(s}—mammal., reptile, bird, amphibian, fish,
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP rodent, arachnid, or insect—into the apartment or apartment
NN EE community.

—_—_- Animal's name:
—_-—_——__q_eqwmuoo.. wo Type:
Residents (list all residents): Breed CO ——= == =
Asiso Abdi Iimi, Mohamud Wardheere Weight: Ages
a City oflicense;s__
eS License no.:
—. Date of last rabies shot:
a Housebroken?
SS Animal owner's name:
Animal's name:
Types
Breed: ee
The term of this Addendum is as follows: Color: SS
Begins on 5 and Weight: —___ Age: —__
ends on ; City of license:
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above monn ppte ———— t”t™t~tS
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, Housebroken? ST. Om
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease Animal enamel
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this re
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found NSS SSMS
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. ee

3. A. @ NOAPPROVEDANIMALS. Ifthisboxischecked,you  Amimal's names J
are not allowed to have animals (including mammals, reptiles, i
birds, fish, rodents, and insects), even temporarily, anywhere Color: ae
in the apartment or apartment community unless we've Wei a
authorized so in writing. We will authorize support and/or City of license: ————<—<—<o<e<
service animals for you, your guests, and occupants pursuant Li i a
to the parameters and guidelines established by the Fair Daecthtaliadca SS
Housing Act, HUD regulatory guidelines, and any applicable Housebroken? TS
state and/or local laws. , Wee

Animal owner's name:
B. () CONDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION FOR ANIMAL.
If this box is checked, you may keep the animal thatis described
below in the apartment until the Lease Contract expires. But TT
we may terminate this authorization sooner if your right of Animal's name:
occupancy is lawfully terminated or if in our judgment you Type:
and your animal, your guests, or any occupant violate any of Breed:
the rules in this Addendum. Color:
Weight: Ages

4. ADDITIONAL MONTHLY RENT. Your total monthly rent Cityofliense:_
(as stated in the Lease Contract) will be increased by License no.:
$__ Cs The monthly rent amount in the Rent and Date of last rabies shot:

Charges paragraph of the Lease Contract {check one] Housebroken?
() includes &} does not include this additional animal rent. Animalowner’sname.

5. ADDITIONAL FEE. You must also pay 2 one-time non- —_—_._ — —<x@V@€“C<————
refundable fee of$__._—=——Ss for having the animal in SSS Mo
the apartment. It is our policy toe not charge a deposit for
support animals.

©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 9/2022, lowa Page 1 of 3


--- Page 9 ---

f
8. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions Addendum, you must ensure that it’s done in a litter box
‘ control over conflicting provisions of this printed form: with a kitty litter-type mix. If the animal defecates
anywhere on our property (including in a fenced yard for
your exclusive use), you'll be responsible for immediately
removing the waste and repairing any damage. Despite
. anything this Addendum says, you must comply with all
local ordinances regarding animal defecation.
11. ADDITIONALRULES. We have the right to make reasonable
ae changes to the animal rules from time to time if we distribute
ae awritten copy of any changes to every resident who is allowed
a i ia to have animals.
 e0€0€0€0—€0( 00 mmus-—Ss- 12. VIOLATION OF RULES. = ifyou, your guest, or any occupant
ee - violates any rule or provision of this Animal Addendum
—_—ooooOoOoOoOoo. {based upon our judgment) and we give you written notice,
TTT kh ooo you must permanently remove the animal from the premises
—_—_—_— OO O--. within the time period specified in our notice. We also have
 _ all other rights and remedies set forth in the Lease Contract,
a including damages, eviction, and attorney's fees as and if
TT  r'.!._— permitted by the Uniform Residential Landlord and Tenant
———- Law, lowa Code Chapter 562A.
. . ; 13. COMPLAINTS ABOUT ANIMAL. You must immediately
9. EMERGENCY. In an emergency involving an accident or and permanently remove the animal from the premises if
injury to your animal, we have the right, but not a duty, to we receive a reasonable complaint froma neighbor or other
take the animal to the following veterinarian for treatment, resident or if we, in our sole discretion, determine that the
at your expense. animal has disturbed neighbors or other residents.
ree 14, REMOVAL OF ANIMAL. in some circumstances, we may
City/State/Zip: allow an animal control officer or humane society
Phone: representative to enter the apartment and remove the animal
if, in our sole judgment, you have:
10. ANIMAL RULES. You are responsible for the animal's « abandoned the animal;
actions at all times, You agree to abide by these rules: « leftthe animal in the apartment for an extended period of
* The animal must not disturb the neighbors or other time without food or water; or
residents, regardless of whether the animal is inside or e failed to care for a sick animal.
outside the apartment. ifyou have violated ouranimal rules or let the animal defecate
* Dogs, cats, and support animals must be housebroken, All or urinate where it’s not supposed to you will be subject to
other animals must be caged at all times. No animal eviction and other remedies under the Lease Contract.
offspring are allowed,
. : . 15. LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, INJURIES, CLEANING,
+ Inside, the animal may urinate or defecate only in these ETC. Youand all co-residents will be jointly and severally
designated areas: liable for the entire amount of ali damages caused by the
__——— animal, including all cleaning, defleaing, and deodorizing.
¢ Outside, the animal may urinate or defecate only in these This provision applies to all parts of the apartment including
designatedareas:_ carpets, doors, walls, drapes, wallpaper, windows, screens,
furniture, appliances, as well as landscaping and other outside
+ Animals may not be tied to any fixed object anywhere improvements. If items cannot be satisfactorily cleaned or
outside the apartments, except in fenced yards (ifany) for repaired, you must pay for us to replace them completely.
your exclusive use. Payment for damages, repairs, cleaning, replacements, etc.
are due immediately upon demand.
« You must not let an animal other than support animals
into swimming-pool areas, laundry rooms, offices, 16. MOVE-OUT. When you move out, you'll pay for defleaing,
clubrooms, other recreational facilities, or other deodorizing, and shampooing to protect future residents
apartments. from possible health hazards, regardless of how long the
¢ Your animal must be fed and watered inside the apartment. animal was there. We—not you—will arrange for these
Don'tleave animal food or water outside the apartment at Services,
any time, except in fenced yards (ifany) foryourexclusive 47, JOINT AND SEVERAL RESPONSIBILITY. Each resident
a who signed the Lease Contract must sign this Animal
¢ You must keep the animal on a leash and under your Addendum, You, your guests, and any occupants must follow
supervision when outside the apartment or any private all animal rules. Each resident is jointly and severally liable
fenced area. We or our representative may pick up for damages and all other obligations set forth in this Animal
unleashed animals and/or report them to the proper Addendum, even if the resident does not own the animal.
authorities. We may impose reasonable charges for picking
up and/or keeping unleashed animals.
* Unless we have designated a particular area in your
apartment or on the grounds for animal defecation and
urination, you are prohibited from letting an animal
defecate or urinate anywhere on our property. You must
take the animal off our property for that purpose. If we
allow animal defecation inside the apartment in this
©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 9/2022, Iowa Page 2 of 3


--- Page 10 ---

’
18. GENERAL. You acknowledge that no other oral or written
sO agreement exists regarding animals. Except for special
provisions noted in paragraph 8 above, our representative
' has no authority to modify this Animal Addendum or the
animal rules except in writing, as described under paragraph
11. This Animal Addendum and the animal rules are
considered part of the Lease Contract described above. It
has been executed in multiple originals, one for you and one
or more for us.
You are legally bound by this document. Please read it carefully,
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner’s Representative
(All resident's must sign} (Signs below)
> a, if ff f
7 »-£4-Z0 23
7 - { 0 = i¢ = 7.
Alisa tiimj  (0-25-ZeZ~ZF Z, e Date of Signing Addendum /
pol KU
ee ee ae


--- Page 11 ---

t
UTILITY AND SERVICES ADDENDUM NAA
palin hp
This Utility Addendum is incorporated into the Lease Contract (referred to in this Addendum as “Lease Contract” or “Lease”) dated
October 25, 2023 between Brisben Johnston Commons, LP
(“We” and/or “we" and/or “us"} and ASiso Abdi Ilmi, Mohamud Wardheere
(“You” and/or "you”) of UnitNo,___——— 24-6004 locatedat 6004 Glen Circle
(streetaddress)in. CC omstton, TA 50232000000
and is in addition to all terms and conditions in the Lease. This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above described Lease Contract for
the above described premises, and is hereby incorporated inte and made a part of such Lease Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in
this Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control.
1. Responsibility for payment of utilities, and the method of metering or otherwise measuring the cost of the utility, will be as indicated below.
a) Water service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
() directly to the utility service provider; or
water bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: 60.00 FS
(} ifflat rate is selected, the current flatrateis$_. ===> per month.
Q) 3rd party billing companyifapplicable
b) Sewer service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
() directly to the utility service provider; or
QQ sewer bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: ___
QO) Ifflat rate is selected, the current flatrateis$__- sper month.
U) 3rd party billing company if applicable
c) Gas service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
CQ) directly to the utility service provider; or
QQ gas bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formuta:__-__
O If flat rate is selected, the current flatrateis$_. ===> month.
Q) 3rd party billing company ifapplicable_
d)} Trash service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
Q) directly to the utility service provider; or
{) trash bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: __._ =
C) If flat rate is selected, the current flatrateis $= per month.
Q) 3rd party billing company ifapplicable.
e) Electric service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
QO) directly to the utility service provider: or
() electric bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula:
If flat rate is selected, the current flat rate is $ per month.
{) 3rd party billing company if applicable ———— ee
f) Stormwater service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
(} directly to the utility service provider; or
stormwater bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: ___
If flat rate is selected, the current flat rate is $ per month.
() 3rd party billing company ifapplicable
g) Cable TV service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
O) directly to the utility service provider; or
(] cable TV bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: _._
UO ifflat rate is selected, the current flatrateis$_. === peer month.
QQ 3rd party billing company ifapplicable__
h) Master Antenna service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
) directly to the utility service provider; or
(master antenna bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: 2.
Q) If flat rate is selected, the current flatrateis$_ = err month.
C) 3rd party billing company ifapplicable
i) Internet service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
QO) directly to the utility service provider; or
() internet bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula: —_
QQ Iffiat rate is selected, the current fiat rate is $ per month.
(Q 3rd party billing company ifapplicable
j) Pest Control service to your apartment will be paid by you either: |
() directly to the utility service provider; or
pest control bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula:
() If flatrate is selected, the current flatrateisf_ sper month,
L) 3rd party billing company ifapplicable__
k) (Other) service to your apartment will be paid by you either:
©) directly to the utility service provider; or
(2 bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula:
QO) Ifflat rate is selected, the current flatrateis$_. === per month.
() 3rd party billing company if applicable |
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 1 of 3


--- Page 12 ---

(

1) (Other) service to your apartment will be paid by you either:

(QQ directly to the utility service provider; or

bills will be billed by the service provider to us and then allocated to you based on the following formula:

- 1 Ifffat rate is selected, the current flat rate is $ ____ per month.
Q 3rd party billing company if applicable
METERING/ALLOCATION METHOD KEY
“1° - Sub-metering of all of your water/gas/electric use
“2° - Calculation of your total water use based on sub-metering of hot water
“3” - Calculation of your total water use based on sub-metering of cold water
“4” » Flatrate per month
“5” - Allocation based on the number of persons residing in your apartment
“6” ~ Allocation based on the number of persons residing in your apartment using a ratio occupancy formula
“7” ~ Allocation based on square footage of your apartment
“g” - Allocation based on a combination of square footage of your apartment and the number of persons residing in your apartment
“9” - Allocation based on the number of bedrooms in your apartment
“10"- Allocation based on a lawful formula not listed here
(Note: if method “10” is selected, a separate sheet will be attached describing the formula used)

2. Ifan allocation method is used, we or our billing company will calculate your allocated share of the utilities and services provided and all
costs in accordance with state and local statutes. Under any allocation method, Resident may be paying for part of the utility usage in common
areas or in other residential units as well as administrative fees. Both Resident and Owner agree that using calculation or allocation formula
as a basis for estimating total utility consumption is fair and reasonable, while recognizing that the allocation method may or may not
accurately reflect actual total utility consumption for Resident. Where lawful, we may change the above methods of determining your allocated
share of utilities and services and all other billing methods, in our sole discretion, and after providing written notice to you. More detailed
descriptions of billing methods, calculations and allocation formulas will be provided upon request.

Ifa flat fee method for trash or other utility service is used, Resident and Owner agree that the charges indicated in this Agreement (as may
be amended with written notice as specified above) represent a fair and reasonable amount for the service(s) provided and that the amount
billed is not based on a monthly per unit cost.

3. When billed by us directly or through our billing company, you must pay utility bills within days of the date when the utility bill is issued at
the place indicated on your bill, or the payment will be late. Ifa payment is late, you will be responsible for a late fee as indicated below. The
late payment of a bill or failure to pay any utility bill is a material and substantial breach of the Lease and we will exercise all remedies
available under the Lease, up to and including eviction for nonpayment. To the extent there are any new account, monthly administrative,
late or final bill fees, you shall pay such fees as indicated below.

New Account Fee: $___(nottoexceed$_o
Monthly Administrative Billing Fee: $__ (not to exceed $_ _.)
Late Fee: $s (notto exceed $__
Final Bill Fee: $_ oo (nottoexceed$__ i)
If allowed by state law, we at our sole discretion may amend these fees, with written notice to you.

4, You will be charged for the full period of time that you were living in, occupying, or responsible for payment of rent or utility charges on the
apartment. If you breach the Lease, you will be responsible for utility charges for the time period you were obliged to pay the charges under
the Lease, subject to our mitigation of damages. In the event you fail to timely establish utility services, we may charge you for any utility
service billed to us for your apartment and may charge a reasonable administration fee for billing for the utility service in the amount of
$__

5. When you move out, you will receive a final bill which may be estimated based on your prior utility usage. This bill must be paid at the time
you move out or it will be deducted from the security deposit.

6. We are not liable for any losses or damages you incur as a result of outages, interruptions, or fluctuations in utility services provided to the
apartment unless such loss or damage was the direct result of negligence by us or our employees. You release us from any and all such claims
and waive any claims for offset or reduction of rent or diminished rental value of the apartment due to such outages, interruptions, or
fluctuations.

7. Youagree not to tamper with, adjust, or disconnect any utility sub-metering system or device. Violation of this provision is a material breach
of your Lease and may subject you to eviction or other remedies available to us under your Lease, this Utility Addendum and at law.

8. Where lawful, all utilities, charges and fees of any kind under this lease shall be considered additional rent, and if partial payments are
accepted by the Owner, they will be allocated first to non-rent charges and to rent last.

9, You represent that ali occupants that will be residing in the Unit are accurately identified in the Lease. You agree to promptly notify Owner
of any change in such number of occupants,

10. You agree that you may, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice from Owner to you, begin receiving a bill for additional] utilities and
services, at which time such additional utilities and services shall for all purposes be included in the term Utilities.

11. This Addendum is designed for use in multiple jurisdictions, and no billing method, charge, or fee mentioned herein will be used in any
jurisdiction where such use would be unlawful. If any provision of this Addendum or the Lease is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, such provision shall be Ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only without invalidating or otherwise affecting
the remainder of this Addendum or the Lease. Except as specifically stated herein, all other terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain
unchanged. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Addendum and the terms of the Lease, the terms of this Addendum shall
control.

©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page 2 of 3


--- Page 13 ---

{
12.The following special provisions and any addenda or written rules furnished to you at or before signing will become a part of this Utility
. Addendum and wiil supersede any conflicting provisions of this printed Utility Addendum and/or the Lease Contract.
*j “a

Resident Signature Ae Date [0-Z26-Z9E 7 |
Resident Signature_i $f 9 fi my : site /~ ZE- AGA
Resident Signature. Date
Resident Signature. Date
Resident Signature. Date
Resident Signature Date

©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, Iowa Page 3 of 3 e


--- Page 14 ---

{
BED BUG ADDENDUM NAA
Date:_____ October 25, 2023 NATIONAL APARTMENT ASSOCATION
(when this Addendum is filled out}
together to minimize the potential for any bed bugs in your dwelling or surrounding dwellings. This addendum contains important
information that outlines your responsibility and potential liability with regard to bed bugs.

1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. 5. ACCESS FOR INSPECTION AND PEST TREATMENT.
UnitNo,_____24-6004 __—s, 6004 Glen __ You must allow us and our pest control agents access to the
Gircle dwelling at reasonable times to inspect for or treat bed bugs
a ftreet address} in as allowed by law. You and your family members, occupants,
_—C—C—C—“‘“SttCOM guests, and invitees must cooperate and will not interfere
(city), lowa,_____ 50131 sap code). with inspections or treatments. We have the right to select
Lease Contract Date: October 25, 2023 and building. We can select the method of treating the dwelling,
Owner’s name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP building and common areas for bed bugs. We can also inspect

and treat adjacent or neighboring dwellings to the infestation
I even if those dwellings are not the source or cause of the
ee known infestation. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, you
ss ——_——— are responsible for and must, at your own expense, have your
Residents (listall residents: 8 $= own personal property, furniture, clothing and possessions

; . ; treated according to accepted treatment methods established
Asiso Abdi Timi, Mohamud Wardheere _ by a licensed pest control firm that we approve. You must do
— cm — so as close as possible to the time we treated the dwelling. If
—— you fail to do so, you will be in default, and we will have the
right to terminate your right of occupancy and exercise all
_ rights and remedies under the Lease Contract. You agree not
CO OOOO r--_ CO lOoaOonmOwOm to treat the dwelling for a bed bug infestation on your own.
=. NOTIFICATION, You must promptly notify us:

* of any known or suspected bed bug infestation or presence
in the dwelling, or in any of your clothing, furniture or
a personal property.
es of any recurring or unexplained bites, stings, irritations,
ee ns or sores of the skin or body which you believe is caused by
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above bed bugs, or by any condition or pest you believe is in the
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, dwelling,
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease » ifyou discover any condition or evidence that might indicate
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this the presence or infestation ofbed bugs, or ofany confirmation
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found of bed bug presence by a licensed pest control professional
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. or other authoritative source.

3. PURPOSE. This Addendum modifies the Lease Contract and 7. COOPERATION. If we confirm the presence or infestation
addresses situations related to bed bugs {(cimex lectularius) of bed bugs, you must cooperate and coordinate with us and
which may be discovered infesting the dwelling or personal our pest control agents to treat and eliminate the bed bugs.
property in the dwelling. You understand that we relied on You must follow all directions from us or our agents to clean
your representations to us in this Addendum. and treat the dwelling and building that are infested. You

4, INSPECTION AND INFESTATIONS. BY SIGNING THIS must remove or destroy personal property that cannot be
ADDENDUM, YOU REPRESENT THAT: treated or cleaned as close as possible to the time we treated
+ YOU HAVEINSPECTED THE DWELLING PRIORTO MOVING __ the dwelling. Any items you remove from the dwelling must

IN, OR PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS ADDENDUM, AND YouDID ~_—¢ “isposed of off-site and not in the property's trash

NOT FIND ANY EVIDENCE OF BED BUGS OR A BED BUG receptacles, Ifwe confirm the presence or infestation of bed

INFESTATION: bugs in your dwelling, we have the right to require you to

; temporarily vacate the dwelling and remove all furniture,

OR clothing and personal belongings in order for us to perform

« YOU WILL INSPECT THE DWELLING WITHIN 48 HOURS pest control services. If you fail to cooperate with us, you will

AFTER MOVING IN, OR WITHIN 48 HOURS AFTER SIGNING be in default, and we will have the right to terminate your

THIS ADDENDUM AND WILL NOTIFY US OF ANY BED BUGS right of occupancy and exercise all rights and remedies under
OR BED BUG INFESTATIONS. the Lease Contract.

You agree that you have read the information providedinthis 8- RESPONSIBILITIES. Unless otherwise prohibited by law,

Addendum and that you are not aware of any infestation or you may be required to pay all reasonable costs of cleaning

presence of bed bugs in your current or previous dwellings, and pest control treatments incurred by us to treat your

furniture, clothing, personal property, or possessions. You dwelling unit for bed bugs. Unless otherwise prohibited by

also acknowledge that you have fully disclosed to us any law, if we confirm the presence or infestation of bed bugs

previous bed bug infestations or bed bug issues that you have after you vacate your dwelling, you may be responsible for

experienced. the cost of cleaning and pest control treatments. If we must

. 7 . . move other residents in order to treat adjoining or neighboring

If you disclose Colusa) Previous ext) pence with bed bug dwellings to your dwelling unit, you may be liable for payment

infestations or other bed bug related issues, we can review of any lost rental income and other expenses incurred by us

documentation of the previous treatment(s) and inspect your to relocate the neighboring residents and to clean and perform

personal property and possession to confirm the absence of pest control treatments to eradicate infestations in other

bed bugs. dwellings. If you fail to pay us for any costs you are liable for,

you will be in default, and we will have the right to terminate

your right of occupancy and exercise all rights and remedies

under the Lease Contract, and obtain immediate possession

of the dwelling. If you fail to move out after your right of

occupancy has been terminated, you will be liable for holdover

©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 3/2022, lowa : : Page 1of3


--- Page 15 ---

{

; 9. TRANSFERS. Ifweallowyoutotransferto another dwelling 10. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions
in the community because of the presence of bed bugs, you control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
must have your personal property and possessions treated

: according to accepted treatment methods or procedures
established by a licensed pest control professional. You must
provide proof ofsuch cleaning and treatment to our satisfaction.
ee
EY
ee
en
eee
You are legally bound by this document. Please read it carefully.
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
(All residents must sign) (Signs below)
0 UD 5 y ca ) ao
Date of Signing Addend
— O P,
L >
ee
You are entitled to receive an original of this Addendum after it is fully signed. Keep it in a safe place.
©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 3/2022, lowa Page 2 of 3


--- Page 16 ---

t
{
BED BUGS — A Guide for Rental Housing Residents
Bed bugs, with a typical lifespan of 6 to 12 months, are wingless, ¢ Because bed bugs leave some persons with itchy welts strikingly
flat, broadly oval-shaped insects. Capable of reaching the size of similar to those caused by fleas and mosquitoes, the origination
an apple seed at full growth, bed bugs are distinguishable by | ofsuch markings often go misdiagnosed. However, welts caused
their reddish-brown color, although after feeding on the blood by bed bugs often times appear in succession and on exposed
of humans and warm-blooded animals—their sole food source— areas of skin, such as the face, neck and arms. In some cases,
the bugs assume a distinctly blood-red hue until digestion is an individual may not experience any visible reaction resulting
complete. from direct contact with bed bugs.
Bed bugs don't discriminate * While bed bugs typically prefer to act at night, they often do
Bed bugs increased presence across the United States in recent not succeed inreturning to their hiding Spots without leaving
decades can be attributed largely to a surge in international eerie presence through fecal markings of ared to dark
travel and trade. It's no surprise then that bed bugs have been brown color, visible on or near beds. Blood stains tend also to
found time and time again to have taken up residence in some appear when the bugs have been squashed, usually by any
of the fanciest hotels and apartment buildings in some of the unsuspecting host Uy their sleep. And, because they shed, its
nation’s most expensive neighborhoods. not uncommon for skin casts to be left behind in areas typically
frequented by bed bugs.
Nonetheless, false claims that associate bed bugs presence with :
poor hygiene and uncleanliness have caused rental housing Preventing bed bug a a traveling .
residents, out of shame, to avoid notifying owners of their pecaleg humans serveas bed bugs main mode of transportation,
presence. This serves only to enable the spread of bed bugs. itis extremely important to be mindful of bed bugs when away
from home. Experts agree that the spread of bed bugs across all

While bed bugs are, by their very nature, more attracted to _ regions of the United States is largely attributed to an increase
clutter, they're certainly not discouraged by cleanliness. in international travel and trade. Travelers are therefore
Bottom line: bed bugs know no social and economic bounds; encouraged to takea few minutes upon arriving to their temporary
claims to the contrary are false. destination to thoroughly inspect their accommodations, so as
Bed bugs don’t transmit disease ° ioral nal bait guests are detected before the
There exists no scientific evidence that bed bugs transmit disease. *
In fact, federal agencies tasked with addressing pest of public Because bed bugs can easily travel from one room to another, it
health concern, namely the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is also recommended that travelers thoroughly inspect their
and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, haverefused luggage and belongings for bed bugs before departing for home.
to elevate bed bugs to the threat level posed by disease Bed bug do’s and don'ts
transmitting pests, Again, claims associating bed bugs with « Do not bring used furniture from unknown sources into
disease are false. your dwelling. Countless bed buginfestations have stemmed
Identifying bed bugs directly from the introduction into aresident’s unit of second-
Bed bugs can often be found in, around and between: hand and abandoned furniture. Unless the determination can
« Bedding be made with absolute certainty that a piece of second-hand
« Bed frames furniture is bed bug-free, residents should assume that the
« Mattress seams reason a seemingly nice looking leather couch, for example, is
* Upholstered furniture, especially under cushions and along sitting curbside, waiting to be hauled off to the landfill, may

seams very well be due to the fact that it’s teeming with bed bugs.
¢ Around, behind and under Wood furniture, especially along * Doaddress bed bugsightingsimmediately. Rental housing

areas where drawers slide residents who suspect the presence of bed bugs in their unit
¢ Curtains and draperies must immediately notify the owner.
* Along window and door frames « Do not attempt to treat bed bug infestations. Under no
« Ceiling and wall junctions circumstance should you attempt to eradicate bed bugs. Health
« Crown moldings hazards associated with the misapplication of traditional and
* Behind and around wall hangings and loose wallpaper non-traditional, chemical-based insecticides and pesticides
« Between carpeting and walls (carpetcanbe pulledawayfrom ‘Poses too great a risk to you and your neighbors.

the wall and tack strip) « Do comply with eradication protocol. Ifthe determination
« Cracks and crevices in walls and floors is made that your unit is indeed playing host to bed bugs, you
« Inside electronic devices, such as smoke and carbon monoxide must comply with the bed bug eradication protocol set forth

detectors by both your owner and their designated pest management

company.

©2022, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 3/2022, lowa Page 3 of 3 tc}


--- Page 17 ---

MOLD INFORMATION AND PREVENTION ADDENDUM . NAA
VAATIONAL APARTMENT ASSOCLATION
together to minimize any mold growth in your dwelling. That is why this addendum contains important information for you, and
responsibilities for both you and us.

1, DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. cooking with open pots, When showering, be sure to keep
Unit No, 24-6004 6004 Glen the shower curtain inside the tub or fully close the shower
Circle doors. Also, the experts recommend that after taking a

(street address) in shower or bath, you: (1) wipe moisture off of shower walls,

Johnston shower doors, the bathtub and the bathroom floor; (2} leave

(city), lowa,_____ 50131 _____s(zip code). the bathroom door open until all moisture on the mirrors
and bathroom walls and tile surfaces has dissipated; and

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. (3) hang up your towels and bath mats so they will completely
Lease Contract Date: October 25, 2023) 0 dry out.

Owner's name; Brisben Johnston Commons, LP ¢ Promptly notify us in writing about any air conditioning or
OO heating system problems you discover. Follow our rules, if
_ | —-—-"| <«  - any, regarding replacement of air filters. Also, it is
TOT recommended that you periodically open windows and
Residents (listallresidents:  ==SOSO=~=C“‘=:*‘;*W doors on days when the outdoor weather isdry (i.e, humidity
is below 50 percent) to help humid areas of your dwelling
Asiso Abdi Ilmi, Mohamud Wardheere dry out.
=: ”—_ _—$—$——— a oe ¢ Promptly notify us in writing about any signs of water leaks,
TT water infiltration or mold. We will respond in accordance
— st <—s—— CC t—™™”CC“=#EDP with state law and the Lease Contract to repair or remedy
ll the situation, as necessary.
¢ Keep the thermostat set to automatically circulate air in
the event temperatures rise to or above 80 degrees
Fahrenheit.
5. IN ORDER TO AVOID MOLD GROWTH, it is important to
prevent excessive moisture buildup in your dwelling. Failure
a es ee to promptly pay attention to leaks and moisture that might
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above accumulate on dwelling surfaces or that might get inside walls
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, or ceilings can encourage mold growth. Prolonged moisture
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease can result from a wide variety of sources, such as:
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this . ; .
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found * rainwater leaking from roofs, windows, doors and outside
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. walls, as well as flood waters rising above floor level;
. ; ; ¢ overflows from showers, bathtubs, toilets, lavatories, sinks,

3. ABOUT MOLD. Mold is found virtually everywhere in our washing machines, dehumidifiers, refrigerator or A/C drip
environment-—both indoors and outdoors and in both new pans or clogged up A/C condensation lines;
and old structures. Molds are naturally occurring microscopic oo. . .
organisms which reproduce by spores and have existed * leaks from plumbing lines or fixtures, and leaks into walls
practically from the beginning of time. All of us have lived from bad or missing grouting/caulking around showers,
with mold spores all our lives. Without molds we would all tubs or sinks;
be struggling with large amounts of dead organic matter. * washing machine hose leaks, plant watering overflows, pet
Mold breaks down organic matter in the environment and urine, cooking spills, beverage spills and steam from
uses the end product for its food. Mold spores (like plant excessive open-pot cooking;
pollen) spread through the air and are commonly transported ¢ leaks from clothes dryer discharge vents (which can put
by shoes, clothing and other materials. When excess moisture lots of moisture into the air); and
is present inside a dwelling, mold can grow. A 2004 Federal : 5 .

Centers for Disease Contselind puceaaeih study found that * insuffi dent Gpyibg onicarpetsnce: pet pads isnowenese
. farieitetel mad : and bathroom floors.
there is currently no scientific evidence that the accumulation
of mold causes any significant health risks for person with 6, [IF SMALL AREAS OF MOLD HAVE ALREADY OCCURRED
normally functioning immune systems. Nonetheless, ONNON-POROUSSURFACES {suchas ceramictile, formica,
appropriate precautions need to be taken. viny! flooring, metal, wood or plastic), the federai
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recommends that

4. PREVENTING MOLD BEGINS WITH YOU. In order te you first clean the areas Sit chert Va detergent) and water,
minimize the potential for mold growth in your dwelling, you let the surface dry, and then within 24 hours apply a pre-mixed,
must do the following: spray-on-type household biocide, such as Lysol Disinfectant®,
* Keep your dwelling clean—particularly the kitchen, the Pine-Sol Disinfectant® (original pine-scented}, Tilex Mildew

bathroom(s), carpets and floors. Regular vacuuming, Remover® or Clorox Cleanup®. (Note: Only a few of the
mopping and using a household cleaner to clean hard common household cleaners will actually kill mold). Tilex®
surfaces is important to remove the household dirt and and Clorox® contain bleach which can discolor or stain.
debris that harbor mold or food for mold, Immediately throw Be sure to follow the instructions on the container.
away moldy food. Applying biocides without first cleaning away the dirt and
Remove visible moisture accumulation on windows, walls, oils from the surface is like painting over old paint without
ceilings, floors and other surfaces as soon as reasonably first cleaning and preparing the surface.
possible. Look for leaks in washing machine hoses and Always clean and apply a biocide to an area 5 or 6 times larger
discharge lines—especially if the leak is large enough for than any visible mold because mold may be adjacent in
water to infiltrate nearby walls. Turn on any exhaust fans quantities not yet visible to the naked eye. A vacuum cleaner
in the bathroom and kitchen before you start showering or with a high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filter can be
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, fawa Page 1 of 2


--- Page 18 ---

{
used to help remove non-visible mold products from porous 9 SPECIAL PROVISIONS, The following special provisions
oO items, such as fibers in sofas, chairs, drapes and carpets— control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
provided the fibers are completely dry. Machine washing or
dry cleaning will remove mold from clothes.

7. DO NOT CLEAN OR APPLY BIOCIDES TO: (1) visible mold ———.e oS
on porous surfaces, such as sheetrock walls or ceilings, or (2)
large areas of visible mold on non-porous surfaces. Instead, ee
notify us in writing, and we will take appropriate action. OO

8. COMPLIANCE. Complying with this addendum will help ee
prevent mold growth in your dwelling, and both you and we ETT
will be able to respond correctly if problems develop that ——— ss SS
could lead to mold growth. If you have questions regarding sss
this addendum, please contact us at the management office ey
or at the phone number shown in your Lease Contract. a
Ifyou fail to comply with this Addendum, you can be held —aoSo——_<o66086868ooW_—<cot
responsible for property damage te the dwelling and any <<<
health problems that may result. We can’t fix problems ae
in your dwelling unless we know about them, oS ————eEEO

Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
(All residents must sign here) (Signs here)

Asico riM /e-Z0-ZoZF5 Date of Lease Contract

sn a OOF 25, 2023

©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa Page2of2 ==


--- Page 19 ---

‘ COMMUNITY POLICIES, RULES AND REGULATIONS NAA
oe so ER SN
This addendum is incorporated into the Lease Contract (the “Lease”} identified below and is in addition to all the terms and conditions
contained in the Lease. If any terms of this Addendum conflict with the Lease, the terms of this Addendum shall be controlling:
Property Owner: Brisben Johnston Commons, LPO
Resident{s): Asiso Abdi Ilmi, Mohamud Wardheere
Unit No;/Address: #24-6004, 6004 Glen Circle, Johnston, IA 50131
Lease Date: 10/25/2023
I. GENERAL CONDITIONS FOR USE OF DWELLING PROPERTY AND RECREATIONAL FACILITIES.
Resident(s) permission for use of all common areas, Resident amenities, and recreational facilities (together, “Amenities”)
located at the Dwelling Community is a privilege and license granted by Owner, and nota contractual right except as otherwise
provided for in the Lease. Such permission is expressly conditioned upon Resident's adherence to the terms of the Lease, this
Addendum, and the Community rules and regulations (“Rules”) in effect at any given time, and such permission may be
revoked by Owner at any time for any lawful reason. in all cases, the most strict terms of either the Lease, this Addendum,
or the Community Rules shall control. Owner reserves the right to set the days and hours of use for all Amenities and to
change the character of or close any Amenity based upon the needs of Owner and in Owner’s sole and absolute discretion,
without notice, obligation or recompense of any nature to Resident. Owner and management may make changes to the Rules
for use of any Amenity at any time.
THE TERMS OF THIS ADDENDUM SHALL ALSO APPLY TO RESIDENT(S)’ OCCUPANTS, AGENTS AND INVITEES, TOGETHER
WITH THE HEIRS, ASSIGNS, ESTATES AND LEGAL REPRESENTATIVES OF THEM ALL, AND RESIDENT{S) SHALL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COMPLIANCE OF SUCH PERSONS WITH THE LEASE, THIS ADDENDUM, AND COMMUNITY
RULES AND REGULATIONS. The term “Owner” shall include the Management, officers, partners, employees, agents,
assigns, Owners, subsidiaries and affiliates of Owner.
II. POOL. This Community &) DOES; [) DOES NOT have a pool. When using the pool, Resident(s} agrees to the following:
« Residents and guests will adhere to the rules and regulations posted in the pool area and Management policies.
¢ All Swimmers swim at their own risk. Owner is not responsible for accidents or injuries.
¢ For their safety, Residents should not swim alone.
* Pool hours are posted at the pool.
« No glass, pets, or alcoholic beverages are permitted in the pool area. Use paper or plastic containers only.
¢ Proper swimming attire is required at all times and a swimsuit “cover up” should be worn to and from the pool.
« Norunning or rough activities are allowed in the pool area. Respect others by minimizing noise, covering pool furniture
with a towel when using suntan oils, leaving pool furniture in pool areas, disposing of trash, and keeping pool gates closed.
¢ Resident(s) must accompany their guests,
« Resident(s) must notify Owner any time there is a problem or safety hazard at the pool.
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY DIAL 911
Ill. FITNESSCENTER. This Community (] DOES; DOES NOT have a fitness center. When using the fitness center, Resident
agrees to the following:
« Residents and guests will adhere to the rules and regulations posted in the fitness center and Management policies.
« The Fitness Center is not supervised. Resident(s) are solely responsible for their own appropriate use of equipment.
« Resident(s) shall carefully inspect each piece of equipment prior to Resident’s use and shall refrain from using any equipment
that may be functioning improperly or that may be damaged or dangerous.
« Resident(s) shall immediately report to Management any equipment that is not functioning properly, is damaged or appears
dangerous, as well any other person's use that appears to be dangerous or in violation of Management Rules and Policies.
« Resident(s) shall consult a physician before using any equipment in the Fitness Center and before participating in any
aerobics or exercise class, and will refrain from such use or participation unless approved by Resident's physician.
« Resident(s) will keep Fitness Center locked at all times during Resident's visit to the Fitness Center.
« Resident(s) wil! not admit any person to the Fitness Center who has not registered with the Management Office.
« Resident(s) must accompany guests, and no glass, smoking, eating, alcoholic beverages, pets, or black sole shoes are
permitted in the Fitness Center.
Card#issued: (1) (BY LL (5) LT
(2) (6), SS
iV. PACKAGE RELEASE, This Community () DOES; DOES NOT accept packages on behalf of Residents.
For communities that do accept packages on behalf of its Residents:
Resident(s) gives Owner permission to sign and accept any parcels or letters sent to Resident(s) through UPS, Federal Express,
Airborne, United States Postal Service or the like. Resident agrees that Owner does not accept responsibility or liability for
any lost, damaged, or unordered deliveries, and agrees to hold Owner harmless for the same,


--- Page 20 ---

Vv. BUSINESSCENTER. This Community () DOES; DOES NOT have a business center.

, Resident(s} agrees to use the business center at Resident(s) sole risk and according to the Rules and Regulations posted in
the business center and Management policies. Owner is not responsible for data, files, programs or any other information
lost or damaged on Business Center computers or in the Business Center for any reason. No software may be loaded on
Business Center computers without the written approval of Community Management. No inappropriate, offensive, or |
pornographic images or files (in the sole judgment of Owner) will be viewed or loaded onto the Business Center computers
at any time. Residents will limit time on computers to minutes if others are waiting to use them. Smoking,
eating, alcoholic beverages, pets, and any disturbing behavior are prohibited in the business center.

VI. AUTOMOBILES/BOATS/RECREATIONAL VEHICLES. The following policies are in addition to those in the Lease, and may
be modified by the additional rules in effect at the Community at any given time:
¢ Only__1 _ vehicle per licensed Resident is allowed,

« All vehicles must be registered at the Management office.

¢ Any vehicle(s) not registered, considered abandoned, or violating the Lease, this Addendum, or the Community Rules, in
the sole judgment of Management, will be towed at the vehicle owner's expense aftera____24 _ hour noticeis placed
on the vehicle.

« Notwithstanding this, any vehicle illegally parked in a fire lane, designated no parking space or handicapped space, or
blocking an entrance, exit, driveway, dumpster, or parked illegally in a designated parking space, will immediately be
towed, without notice, at the vehicle owner’s expense.

* The washing of vehicles is not permitted on the property unless specifically allowed in designated area,

Any on property repairs and/or maintenance of any vehicle must be with the prior written permission of the Management.

« Recreational vehicles, boats or trailers may only be parked on the property with Management's permission (in Management’s
sole discretion), and must be registered with the Management Office and parked in the area(s) designated by Management,

Vii. FIRE HAZARDS, In order to minimize fire hazards and comply with city ordinances, Resident shall comply with the
following:
¢ Residents and guests will adhere to the Community rules and regulations other Management policies concerning fire

hazards, which may be revised from time to time.

¢ No person shall knowingly maintain a fire hazard.

¢ Grills, Barbeques, and any other outdoor cooking or open flame devices will be used only on the ground level and
will be placed a minimum of___ 2. __ feet from any building. Such devices will not be used close to combustible
materials, tall grass or weeds, on exterior walls or on roofs, indoors, on balconies or patios, or in other locations which
may cause fires.

¢ Fireplaces: Only firewood is permitted in the fireplace. No artificial substances, such as Duraflame® logs are permitted.
Ashes must be disposed of in metal containers, after ensuring the ashes are cold.

¢ Flammable or combustible liquids and fuels shall not be used or stored (including stock for sale) in dwellings, near exits,
stairways breezeways, or areas normally used for the ingress and egress of people. This includes motorcycles and any
apparatus or engine using flammable or combustible liquid as fuel.

* No person shall block or obstruct any exit, aisle, passageway, hallway or stairway leading to or from any structure.

¢ Resident(s) are solely responsible for fines or penalties caused by their actions in violation of local fire protection codes.

VIII. EXTERMINATING. Unless prohibited by statute or otherwise stated in the Lease, Owner may conduct extermination
operations in Residents’ dwelling several times a year and as needed to prevent insect infestation. Owner will notify Residents
in advance of extermination in Residents’ Dwelling, and give Resident instructions for the preparation of the Dwelling and
safe contact with insecticides. Residents will be responsible to prepare the Dwelling for extermination in accordance with
Owner’s instructions. If Residents are unprepared for a scheduled treatment date Owner will prepare Residents’ dwelling
and charge Residents accordingly. Residents must request extermination treatments in addition to those regularly provided
by Owner in writing. Residents agree to perform the tasks required by Owner on the day of interior extermination
to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the extermination. These tasks will include, but are not limited to, the
following:

* Clean in all cabinets, drawers and closets in kitchen and pantry.

« Ifroaches have been seen in closets, remove contents from shelves and ftoor.

¢ Remove infants and young children from the dwelling.

¢ Remove pets or place them in bedrooms, and notify Owner of such placement.

« Remove chain locks or other types of obstruction on day of service.

¢ Cover fish tanks and turn off their air pumps.

* Do not wipe out cabinets after treatment.

In the case of suspected or confirmed bed bug infestation, resident will agree to the following:

¢ Resident will wash all clothing, bed sheets, draperies, towels, etc. in extremely hot water.

¢ Resident will thoroughly clean, off premises, all luggage, handbags, shoes and clothes hanging containers.

¢ Resident will cooperate with Owner’s cleaning efforts for all mattresses and seat cushions or other upholstered furniture,
and will dispose of same if requested.

RESIDENTS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE TO NOTIFY OWNER IN WRITING PRIOR TO
EXTERMINATION OF ANY ANTICIPATED HEALTH OR SAFETY CONCERNS RELATED TO
EXTERMINATION_AND THE USE OF INSECTICIDES

1X. DRAPESANDSHADES. Drapes or shades installed by Resident, when allowed, must be lined in white and present a uniform
exterior appearance.

X. WATERBEDS. Resident shall not have water beds or other water furniture in the dwelling without prior written permission
of Owner.

XI. BALCONY or PATIO. Balconies and patios shall be kept neat and clean at all times. No rugs, towels, laundry, clothing,
appliances or other items shall be stored, hung or draped on railings or other portions of balconies or patios. No misuse of
the space is permitted, including but not limited to, throwing, spilling or pouring liquids or other items, whether intentionally
or negligently, over the balconies or patios.

Revised 1/2019, lowa Page 2 of 3


--- Page 21 ---

{
\
: XIi. SIGNS. Resident shall not display any signs, exterior lights or markings on dwelling. No awnings or other projections shall
be attached to the outside of the building of which dwelling is a part.

XIII]. SATELLITE DISHES/ANTENNAS. You must complete a satellite addendum and abide by its terms prior to installation or
use.

XIV. WAIVER/SEVERABILITY CLAUSE. No waiver of any provision herein, or in any Community rules and regulations, shall
be effective unless granted by the Owner ina signed and dated writing, If any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any
clause, phrase, or provision of this Part is invalid for any reason whatsoever, this finding shall not effect the validity of the
remaining portions of this addendum, the Lease Contract or any other addenda to the Lease Contract.

XV. SPECIALPROVISIONS. The following special provisions control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:

Gas or electric grills ara allowed on the property. Grills must be pulled away from the
side of the building to avoid property damage. No charcoal grills allowed.

Ihave read, understand and agree to comply with the preceding provisions.

. 4 2a .Ooz
tle D-Z8Z0L
esident Date Resident Date
KE $0 Lim, (7 Z1 LoZF

Resident Date Resident Date

Resident Date Resident | Date

Owner Representati: Date

Revised 1/2019, lowa Page 3 of 3 2


--- Page 22 ---

‘ LEASE ADDENDUM FOR RENT CONCESSION NAA
OR OTHER RENT DISCOUNT ADORAL APAATHENT SSSOOATON
. re A Lied Pe Mats bee

1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. (3 Non-Monetary Concession. You will receive the

Unit No.__- 24-6004 _ ss, 6004 Glen Circle following non-monetary concession during the term of
the Lease:
(street address) in

oo ohnston ———.

(city), lowa,___50131_ (zip code).

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. Se ———————————————
Lease Contract Date: October 25, 2023 es
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP __ 4 coNCESSION CANCELLATION AND CHARGE-BACK. The
—. E_—— concession and discounts indicated above are provided ta
—————_ a you as an incentive and with the understanding that you will
————————— fulfill your obligations under the Lease Contract through the
—— = SAM Geese entire term of your Lease.

Residents (list all residents): a 4 . an aa

. Abdi . your lease is terminated early due to your default (for

Asiso Abdi imi, Mohawud Werdheere  __ example, if you abandon the premises without paying rent or

SSS OO OO are evicted}, this Concession/Discount Agreement will be

cc immediately terminated, and you will be required to

TFS Ol immediately repay to the Owner the amounts of all

a (Check ail that apply)

ee O) Concessions

a Q) Discounts

SSS that you have actually received for the months you resided

eee in the Premises, and without further notice from us.

OCC... MARKET RENT. The market rent for this dwelling is the

This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above rent stated in the Lease Contract. You acknowledge that the

; F . market rent is a fair representation of what the specific
described a va ooa for the above described premises, dwelling would actually rent for at the time the Lease Contract
et gd A og was negotiated and executed, and is reflective of the rent for

Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this asimilar dwelling at com arable s terties

Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found 5 P Prop .

in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. 6. SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions

3. CONCESSION/DISCOUNT AGREEMENT. As consideration es ee pipciisyprinted
for your agreement to remain in your dwelling and to fulfill .
your Lease obligations throughout the full term of your Lease, ———————
you will receive the following rent Concession and or Discount. rr
(Check all that apply) — _ os 2 £8.
One-Time Concession. You will receive a One-Time

Concession off the rent indicated in the Rent and Charges
paragraph of the Lease Contract in the total amount of
$_1683.00 _ This Concession will be credited to your
rent due for the month(s) of: $183 off October
prorated rent $500 off (November) $500
off (December) $500 off (January)

(3 Monthly Discount/Concession. The rent indicated in ———
the Rent and Charges paragraph of the Lease Contract —_— Sa
includes a Monthly Discount of $_____ per month —
off of the suggested rental rate for your dwelling. i

() Other Discount/Concession. You will receive the
following discount off the rent indicated in the Rent and
Charges paragraph of the Lease Contract:

Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
(All residents must sign) (Signs here)
Z an 22

tt fe LLM leZ6-Cyu ZR Date of Lease Contract

a October 25, 2023 0

©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 2/2019, lowa @w


--- Page 23 ---

2 LEASE ADDENDUM NAA
LIABILITY INSURANCE REQUIRED OF RESIDENT } a AS
1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. or better, licensed to do business in lowa. The carrier is
UnitNo.____24-6004 __——_«», 6004 Glen required to provide notice to us within 30 days of any
Circle cancellation, non-renewal, or material change in your coverage,
{street address} in We retain the right to hold you responsible for any loss in
Johnston excess of your insurance coverage.
(city), lowa,___ 50131 _s(zip code).
5. We may provide you with information of an insurance
2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. program that we make available to residents, which
Lease Contract Date: October 25, 2023 provides you with an opportunity to buy renter’s insurance
Owner's name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP _ from a preferred company. However, you are free to
contract for the required insurance with a provider of
your choosing.
6. SUBROGATION ALLOWED. You and we agree that
Residents (list all residents): subrogation is allowed by all parties and that this agreement
Asiso Abdi Ilmi, Mot d Wardheere supersedes any language tothe contrary in the Lease Contract.
7. YOUR INSURANCE COVERAGE, You have purchased the
required personal liability insurance from the insurance
a company of your choosing listed below that is licensed to do
SSeS business in this state, and have provided us with written
—— SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS proof of this insurance prior to the execution and
SSS commencement of the Lease Contract. You will provide
——_—— $$ additional proof of insurance in the future at our request.
—————_——— << ——=—s«i- = Insurance Company:
SS 8. DEFAULT. Any default under the terms of this Addendum
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above shall be deemed an immediate, material and incurable default
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, under the terms of the Lease Contract, and we shall be entitled
and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of such Lease to exercise all rights and remedies under the law.
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this _ . .
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found 9. MISCELLANEOUS. Except as specifically stated in this
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. Addendum, all other terms and conditions of the Lease
Contract shall remain unchanged. In the event of any conflict
3. ACKNOWLEDGMENT CONCERNING INSURANCE OR between the terms of this Addendum and the terms of the
DAMAGE WAIVER. You acknowledge that we do not Lease Contract, the terms of this Addendum shall control.
maintain insurance to protect you against personal injury,
loss or damage to your personal property or belongings, or 10. SPECIAL PROVISIONS:
to cover your own liability for injury, loss or damage you (or a
your occupants or guests} may cause others. You also a
acknowledge that by not maintaining your own policy of a
personal liability insurance, you may be responsible to others a
(including us) or the full cost of any injury, loss or damage _——————
caused by your actions or the actions of your occupants or a
guests. You understand that paragraph 8 of the Lease Contract SSS
requires you to maintain a liability insurance policy, which ee
provides limits of liability to third parties in an amount not ee ee
less than $_100000.00_ per occurrence. You understand a
and agree to maintain at all times during the Term of the a
Lease Contract and any renewal periods a policy of personal a 2 ee ee
liability insurance satisfying the requirements listed below, ——
at your sole expense. a
4. REQUIRED POLICY. You are required to purchase and
maintain personal liability insurance covering you, your
occupants and guests, for personal injury and property
damage any of you cause to third parties (including damage
to our property), in a minimum policy coverage amount of
$ 100000 .00 , from acarrier with an AM Best rating of A-VII
[have read, understand and agree to comply with the preceding provisions.
Resident or Residents Owner or er’s Representative
(All residents must sign here) ! (signs here)
4 or
— Lb 428-ZOZPD
—Wie so ZIM) pp-Z5-ZeZF Date of Lease Contract
October 25, 2023
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa eS


--- Page 24 ---

, CRIME/DRUG FREE HOUSING ADDENDUM NAA
pe

1. DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. the use, possession, sale, manufacturing and distribution
UnitNo._____ 24-6004 _—s_—s(, 6004 Glen of marijuana remains a violation of federal law, violation
Circle of any such federal law shall constitute a material
treet address) in violation of this rental agreement.}
—____________Sohnston 5. Engaging in, or allowing, any behavior that is associated
(city), lowa,_____50131 __(zip code). with drug activity, including but not limited to having

2. LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. excessive vehicle or foot traffic associated with his or
Lease Contract Date: October 25, 2023) her unit.

Owner’s name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP _ 6, Any breach of the Lease Contract that otherwise
ee jeopardizes the heaith, safety, and welfare of the Owner,
Se Owner’s agents, or other Residents, or involving
ee ee ee ee imminent, actual or substantial property damage.
a 7. Engaging in or committing any act that would be a
Residents (list all residents): violation of the Owner’s screening criteria for criminal
Asiso Abdi Ilmi, Mohamud Wardheere conduct or which would have provided Owner with a
a basis for denying Resident’s application due to criminal
EE conduct.
a 8. Engaging in any activity that constitutes waste, nuisance,
——_ or unlawful use.

eS SSS———eSEOO—=E e—= B, AGREE THAT ANY VIOLATION OF THE ABOVE PROVISIONS
—__'. wwe —eowoowo LS CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL VIOLATION OF THE PARTIES’
rs LEASE CONTRACT AND GOOD CAUSE FOR TERMINATION
OS TO oO OF TENANCY, A single violation of any of the provisions of
ew OO —— this Addendum shall be deemed a serious violation, and a
————— material default, of the parties’ Lease Contract. It is
ss understood that a single violation shall be good cause for

3. ADDENDUM APPLICABILITY. In the event any provision termination of the Lease Contract. Notwithstanding the
in this Addendum is inconsistent with any provision(s) foregoing comments, Owner may terminate Resident's
contained in other portions of, or attachments to, the above- tenancy for any lawful reason, and by any lawful method,
mentioned Lease Contract, then the provisions of this with or without good cause.

Addendum shall control, For purposes ofthis Addendum, the 5 cRrMINALCONVICTIONNOTREQUIRED. Unless otherwise
term “Premises shall include the dwelling unit, all common provided by law, proof of violation of any criminal law shall
areas, all other dwell ing units onthe property or any common not require a criminal conviction.

areas or other dwelling units on or about other property

owned by or managed by the Owner. The partiesherebyamend 6 SPECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions
and supplement the Lease Contract as follows: control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:

4, CRIME/DRUG FREE HOUSING. Resident, members of the Oh
Resident's household, Resident's guests, and all other persons —————————
affiliated with the Resident: a
A. Shall not engage in any illegal or criminal activity on or Te

about the premises. The phrase, “illegal or criminal activity” TT

shall include, but is not limited to, the following: OO eS ret—“‘=“=*TE=EBC#RCR’CSC;#”#”SN

1. Engaging in any act intended to facilitate any type of
criminal activity.

2. Permitting the Premises to be used for, or facilitating i
any type of criminal activity or drug related activity, SS
regardless of whether the individual engaging such ee
activity is a member of the household, or a guest. i

3. The unlawful manufacturing, selling, using, storing, ——_— [Ka
keeping, purchasing or giving of an illegal or controlled Te
substance or paraphernalia as defined in city, county, ss
state or federal laws, including but not limited to the se
State of lowa and/or the Federal Controlled Substances ——S— $<
Act. Sn

4, Violation of any federal drug laws governing the use, nro ee C$
possession, sale, manufacturing and distribution of
marijuana, regardless of state or local laws. (So long as

— or Residents (sign here) Date of Signing Addendum
t/ sp rim n-26(-Zb6Z?
Owner or Owner's Representative (signs he Date of Signing Addendum
lO le VLAD
©2019, National Apartment Association, Inc. - 1/2019, lowa 2


--- Page 25 ---

PHOTO, VIDEO, AND STATEMENT RELEASE ADDENDUM NAA
ee
1, DWELLING UNIT DESCRIPTION. 4. PHOTO AND VIDEO RELEASE. You hereby grant us and our
UnitNo, ss 24-6004, 6004 Glen agents and affiliates (collectively, the “Released Parties”)
Circle permission and a license to take, use, reuse, and publish the
a treet address) in likeness of you and any minor occupants in all photographs
ston or other electronic and/or digital media in any and all of our
(city), lowa,____ 50131 ___s(zip code). publications, including, without limitation, any website entries,
advertising websites, and any other marketing materials. You
2, LEASE CONTRACT DESCRIPTION. understand and agree that these materials will become the
Lease Contract Date: Qstober 25, 2023 property of the Released Parties and will not be returned.
Owner’s name: Brisben Johnston Commons, LP You agree to irrevocably authorize the Released Parties to
Nee UUUUEE Ist EEEEEEEEEEE? edit, alter, copy, exhibit, publish, or distribute this media for
OO any lawful purpose whatsoever including, without limitation,
To promotional and advertising uses. You waive the right to
ss inspect or approve the finished product, including any written
Residents (list all residents): or electronic copy, wherein your likeness appear's now or in
Asiso Abdi Ilmi, Mohamud Wardheere the future. In addition, you waive any right to payment,
royalties, or any other compensation arising or related to the
use of the media.
<< ”—~*«<=RYSC CONSENT: TO USEC YOURR NAME, LIKENESS , WRITTEN
ann ee COMMENTS, AND STATEMENTS. You are expressly agreeing
a to allow us to post your name, picture, written comments,
and statements, and/or the names, pictures, written comments,
a and statements of any minor occupants in any and all of our
I publications, including, without limitation, any website entries,
TT advertising websites, social media websites, and any other
TT marketing materials. You hereby grant the Released Parties
Occupants (listalloccupants): = stst=<“‘i‘:™S™*~*™*W permission anda license to use, reproduce, and publish any
media on its website, social media platforms, or in other
— — qe uumm i — marketing-related materials, whether in electronic or print
Nee EE EEEEEIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIEEEIE form.
Ss, RELEASE OF LIABILITY. You hereby release, hold harmless,
and forever discharge us from any claims or causes ofactions
a including, without limitation, any and all claims for libel or
TEE eee violation of any right of publicity or privacy, related to our
SSS use of the media in any and all of our publications, including
a any website entries, advertising websites, social media
websites, and any other marketing material so long as the
SSS claim or cause of action does not result from our intentional
a misconduct or gross negligence. This consent and release
This Addendum constitutes an Addendum to the above shall be binding upon you and your heirs, legal representatives
described Lease Contract for the above described premises, and assigns.
and is hereby incorporated into and madeapartofsuchLease 7, REY@CATION. You have the right to revoke your consent to
Contract. Where the terms or conditions found in this our use of your name, picture, video, voice, written comments,
Addendum vary or contradict any terms or conditions found or statement, and/or the name, picture, video, voice, written
in the Lease Contract, this Addendum shall control. comments, or statement of any minor occupants, by written
3. PURPOSE OF ADDENDUM. By signing this Addendum, you, notice to us.
without payment or other consideration, agree to grants g. spECIAL PROVISIONS. The following special provisions
permission to use your likeness in photographs, videos and/ control over conflicting provisions of this printed form:
or other electronic and/or digital reproductions, including
voice, in any and all of our publications, including, without OO
limitation, any website entries, advertising websites, social OO TT
media websites, and any other marketing materials. For >
purposes of this addendum, photographs, videos, written -_. SSS qe immo
comments, statements, and other digital reproductions will oo
hereinafter be collectively referred to as “media.” —————-———_ a
A. CONSENT FOR MINOR OCCUPANTS. By signing this _ TT —=— —=—:—“=“n”.. |.
Addendum, if any minor occupants are named above, you OO
further certify that you are the parent, or legal guardian OO
of the minor occupant(s) named above, and you, without ———- = ——=-_“— —
payment or other consideration, agree to grant us ae
permission to use their likeness in photographs, videos a
and/ or other electronic and/or digital reproductions, a
including voice, in any and all of our publications, including, a, i
without limitation, any website entries, advertising ae
websites, social media websites, and any other marketing =.
materials. For purposes of this addendum, photographs, TT
videos, written comments, statements, and other digital ————<——— CO
reproductions will hereinafter be collectively referred to TT
as “media.” ae
“©2049, National Apartment Association, Inc.-1/2019,lowa i (iti‘<S!t*~*~COCO””OOOO™OOOO Rage DFE


--- Page 26 ---

{ /
{
Resident or Residents Owner or Owner's Representative
: : (All residents must sign) igns below}
AME (IZ. L022
Afiso Zim) 10-27 Ze22 Date of Signing Ney:
|
i
re
