Filename: Lease.pdf
Method: ocr
Pages: 25
Extracted: 2025-10-29T11:30:10.134841
============================================================


--- Page 1 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MAN AENT
HomeVault Property Management
Corporate Office » 1515 E. 20th St. Suite D + Farmington, NM 87401
For Farmington — (505) 427-3434 Flagstaff — (928) 923-6868 Charlotte — (704) 585-7145 Denver — (303) 292-5638 Bonita Springs — (844) 736-8239
Albuquerque — (505) 265-1241
1. Residential Lease Agreement
1.1 AGREEMENT FORM
THIS FORM HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE COLORADO REAL ESTATE COMMISSION. IT WAS PREPARED BY TSCHETTER
SULZER AS LEGAL COUNSEL FOR HOMEVAULT CO, LLC.
THIS FORM HAS IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSEQUENCES AND THE PARTIES SHOULD CONSULT LEGAL AND TAX OR OTHER
COUNSEL BEFORE SIGNING.
By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 1.
ais K
Tenant Initials Landiord Initials
1


--- Page 2 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29_2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
2.1 AGREEMENT FORM
THIS FORM HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE COLORADO REAL ESTATE COMMISSION. IT WAS PREPARED BY TSCHETTER
SULZER AS LEGAL COUNSEL FOR HOMEVAULT CO, LLC.
THIS FORM HAS IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSEQUENCES AND THE PARTIES SHOULD CONSULT LEGAL AND TAX OR OTHER
COUNSEL BEFORE SIGNING.
2.2 DUTIES OF BROKER
MATERIAL INTEREST/RELATIONSHIP.
Owner's Broker does not have a material interest or relationship of a business, personal or family nature in the transaction, including
compensation from more than one party.
ADVERSE MATERIAL FACTS.
Adverse material facts actually known by the Broker about the property or the transaction, or about the financial ability of the party to the
transaction to complete the transaction.
NA NONE
Explain:
Rv av
Tenant Intlals Landiord Initials
2.3 AGREEMENT
This lease is hereby entered into on 4/1/22 by and between Landlord and Tenant:
Landlord: _Sean Burden (herein Landlord) and
Tenant: Gustav J Solis (herein Tenant).
HomeVault CO, LLC. doing business as HomeVault Property Management is Landlord's agent and is authorized to enforce the terms of this
lease on behalf of Landlord.
2.4 PREMISES
Landlord, in consideration of the rent reserved herein to be paid by Tenant and of the other covenants, agreements and conditions
hereinafter contained to be kept, performed and observed by Tenant, does hereby let and lease unto Tenant the Premises known and
numbered 226! Blake St, Apt 3B, Denver, CO 80205
along with parking space(s) _ 32
and Storage space(s) 39
from twelve o'clock noon of _5/30/2022 (Commencement Date) until twelve o'clock noon on 5/31/2023 .
2.5 RENT
Tenant shall rent the Premises from Landlord for the full term stated in Section 2 of this agreement for the amount of
$_20.700.00 payable in monthly installments of $1,725.00 . If the Commencement Date of this Agreement
is any day other than the first day of the month the rent for the first month of this lease shall be prorated based on the actual number of days of
first month beginning with the Commencement Date and ending with the last day of the month. The rent for the first month of this agreement
is $_ 1,725.00 . In the event that the Commencement Date is the 20th of the month or later, the prorated amount for the first
month's rent shall be accompanied by the next full month's rent.
A. Rent and all other payments/fees due under this Agreement shall be delivered to Landlord only via tenant portal (or other place
2


--- Page 3 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
designated by Manager) prior to 8:00AM on the first day each month. Tenant will be notified in writing by HomeVault CO, LLC. if future
payments are to be made payable to Landlord and Landlord's place of payment will be provided upon notification.
B. If Tenant for any reason returns a check / NSF, there will be a $50.00 returned check fee / NSF fee assessed to the Tenant's account and
additional charges may also be assessed. This amount shall be paid immediately upon demand.
C. Tenant understands that he/she will be charged from the above noted move-in date, even if move-in does not occur, unless prior written
agreement is made with the manager.
D. There will be a $50.00 fee for any key, access card or parking hang tag or garage door opener that is not returned upon vacating the unit or
in the event a replacement key access card or parking hang tag or garage door opener is requested by the Tenant. If all keys are not returned
the Tenant will be charged $250.00 to re-key the unit. There will be a charge of $400.00 for each cable box that is removed from the unit.
E. Any violation of any term of this lease Agreement, or of any term of the HOA Rules and Regulations referenced herein, by Tenant shall be
considered a breach of this lease and cause for eviction. A $50.00 service charge will be assessed to Tenant for posting notices on the
property due to any violation of this lease agreement or the HOA Rules and Regulations. This also applies to any notices or invoices received
from any governmental or regulatory agency due to a violation at this leased Premises.
2.6 NO SMOKING
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Landlord's Agent, there shall be no smoking in or around the property or any of the common
community elements, such as balconies or courtyards.
2.7 SECURITY AND OTHER DEPOSITS
A. Tenant shall not apply or use any portion of the Lease Deposit as an offset to the payment of rent or other sums due under this Lease at
anytime for any reason whatsoever. Manager shall have the right to apply such portion(s) of the Security Deposit reasonably necessary to
remedy any default(s) by Tenant in the payment of rent, or to repair any damage to the Premises or to Manager's or Landlord's property
caused by Tenant. AT NO TIME MAY TENANT USE THE SECURITY DEPOSIT IN LIEU OF RENT.
B. Security deposit of $_$¢9 00 shall be held by HomeVault CO, LLC. Landlord shall bear full legal and financial
responsibility for return of the security deposit and other deposits. In accordance with state law: Landlord's address is on file with
Landlord's Manager for questions regarding return of security deposit. Security and other deposits may be transferred between Landlord
and Landlord's Manager with advanced written notice to tenant by Landlord's Manager.
C. Security deposit less retention shall be returned to Tenant within sixty (60) days after the expiration date of this lease to the last known
address of the Tenant. The last known address will assumed to be Tenant's address under the lease unless Tenant notifies Landlord of
Tenant's forwarding address in writing prior to Landlord's return of the security deposit.
D. In the event Tenant terminates this lease in violation of the terms herein contained, or in the event Landlord elects to terminate this
agreement because of Tenant's violation of the terms hereof, all or any part of said security deposit may be retained by owner as
reimbursement either for damage to the property, or for loss of rent or for any other loss or damage, and shall in no event relieve Tenant of
liability for the difference in the amount of said deposit retained and the actual damage or loss of rent or other loss or damage sustained by
owner.
2.8 RENT PAYMENTS
Tenant shall pay all sums under this Lease when due with no grace period and Manager, although not required, may demand any sum due
under this Lease on the date it is due. Upon written notice and regardless of Tenant's default, Manager may require Tenant to pay all sums in
certified funds, or in one monthly check or payment rather than in multiple checks or payments. Tenant shall not pay Manager in cash.
Manager shall apply on Tenant's account all monies received from Tenant in Manager's sole and absolute discretion, regardless of any
notations on payments made by Tenant or when Tenant's obligation to pay such monies arose. Tenant's promise and covenant to pay rent is
independent, absolute, without right to setoff, offset, or deduct by Tenant, for any reason whatsoever including but not limited to any alleged
breach of Manager or Landlord claimed by Tenant. Regardless of whether specifically stated in any applicable provision of this Agreement, any
and all rent, amounts, charges, sums, damages, or money owed by Tenant under this Lease shall be considered rent, and Manager shall have
all remedies for non-payment of any amount including eviction. If Tenant tenders any payment to Manager that is less than the full amount
due, to the contrary or otherwise on any instrument tendered or offered in payment, any such payment shall only be deemed a partial payment
“on account" of the full amount due.
2.9 CONCESSIONS
Any monthly concessions granted to Tenant shall immediately become due and payable by Tenant if Tenant fails to honor the complete term of
this lease Agreement.
3


--- Page 4 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
2.10 LATE FEES
Any installment received by Manager after the first of the month shall be accompanied by a ten percent (10%) late fee of the monthly
installment amount. Not withstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event any late charge payable hereunder is determined to be
usurious or illegal for any reason, such late charges hereunder shall instead be equal to the highest amount permitted by law.
2.11 MOVE IN
Some properties, Homeowners Associations, or buildings may require a move in/ move out fee, which shall be the Tenant's expense. Tenant
acknowledges that Tenant has either viewed the Premises in person or has been presented with the opportunity to view the Premises in
person and that the Premises are in an acceptable "as is" condition, and that the Premises are in good, clean, and acceptable repair except
as specifically be agreed to by the parties in writing on the Tenant's Move-In/Move-Out Checklist to be completed by Tenant within 72 hours of
the Commencement Date of this Residential Lease Agreement. Immediately upon occupying, Tenant will inspect the Premises and report any
defects or problems on the Move-In/Move-Out Checklist. The Move-in/Move-Out Checklist must be received and approved by Manager within
72 hours of occupancy upon which it will be attached hereto and made a part of this Lease. Tenant's failure to report any defects or problems
with the Premises on the Move-In/Move-Out Checklist within 72 hours of move-in, is and shall be a binding admission that the items
described in the Move-In/Move-Out Checklist are acceptable and in Good condition. Tenants accept the Property in as-is condition, without
representation or warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, including any warranty of habitability or covenant of quiet enjoyment.
Manager specifically disclaims any warranty or covenant of quiet enjoyment.
2.12 SMOKE DETECTORS AND CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS
Tenant acknowledges that as of this date, the Premises is equipped with one or more smoke detectors and carbon monoxide detectors; that
tenant will inspect the detector(s) prior to occupancy; and that unless Tenant notifies Manager otherwise, prior to occupancy, Tenant finds it/
them to be in good working order. Tenant agrees that is Tenant's duty to regularly test the detector(s). Tenant agrees to replace the detector(s)
battery, if any, at anytime the existing battery becomes unserviceable. Landlord shall not be liable for Tenant's failure to notify Landlord of any
problem, defect, malfunction, or failure of detector(s); theft of detector(s) or its serviceable battery; and/or false alarms produced by
detector(s).
2.13 MOVE OUT
If Tenant fails to clean the premises in accordance with Manager's most current written Move Out Policies and Instructions which are
incorporated by reference, Manager may withhold or deduct reasonable charges to complete such cleaning from the Security Deposit. Tenant
agrees, at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the term, to give written notice to Landlord of Tenant's intention to vacate the Property
at the end of the term of the Lease Contract. If such notice is not timely given, Tenant shall be in breach of this Agreement and Landlord shall
have all remedies provided for in this Agreement and at law.
2.14 DEPOSIT RETURN; SURRENDER; ABANDONMENT
Surrender or abandonment ends Tenant's right of possession for all purposes, including re-letting the Property, damages, clean-up charges,
removing property left in the Property, and return of the security deposit. Tenant shall be liable to Landlord for a re-letting charge of an
amount equal to 1 months rent ($1,725.00 ) if:
A. Tenant fails to give written move-out notice
B. Tenant moves out without paying rent in full for the entire lease term or renewal period
C. Tenant moves out at our demand because of your default; or
D. Tenant is judicially evicted.
2.15 HOLDING OVER
If with the consent of Manager, Tenant continues in possession of the Premises after expiration of the Lease Term, any extension, or renewal,
this Lease shall become a month-to-month lease, subject to all the terms and conditions of this Lease. If Tenant becomes a month to month
tenant, Tenant shall pay Landlord for any month to month period rent equivalent to the last month of the proceeding term plus
$150.00 per month as a month to month fee.
2.16 ACCELERATION
All monthly rent for the rest of the Lease Contract term or renewal period shall be accelerated automatically without notice or demand
(before or after acceleration) and will be immediately due and delinquent if, without Landlord's written consent:
4


--- Page 5 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
A. Tenant moves out, removes property in preparing to move out, or gives oral or written notice (by Tenant or any occupant) of intent to move
out before the Lease Contract term or renewal period ends; and
B. Tenant has not paid all rent for the entire Lease Contract term and renewal period. Such conduct is considered a default for which
Landlord need not give Tenant notice. Remaining rent will also be accelerated if a judgment for possession enters against Tenant or Tenant
moves out when Landlord demands possession because of a default. Landlord's right to accelerate is in lieu of having rent for the entire term
payable when the Lease Contract begins.
2.17 DEFAULT
If Tenant defaults Landlord shall have all remedies provided for in this Agreement and at law. In the event of any default under this
Agreement by Landlord, Tenant's remedies shall be limited to either an action for specific performance or declaratory judgment. Tenant
waives the right to an award for damages in consideration of Landlord's Agreement to rent the Premises to Tenant. Each right and remedy
provided for and to Landlord in this Agreement shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to each and every other right or remedy provided
for in this Agreement and at law whichever is greater now or hereafter existing at law or in equity.
Tenant shall be in default if: (1) Tenant fails to pay rent or other amounts provided by this Lease Contract when due; (2) Tenant or any guest or
occupant violates this Lease Contract, property rules, HOA rules, or fire safety or health law (3) Tenant abandons the Property; (4) Tenant
gives or gave incorrect or false information in a rental application; (5) Tenant or any occupant is convicted of a criminal offense; or (6) any
illegal drugs or paraphernalia are found in the Property. If in default, Landlord may exercise one or more remedies, without limiting any other
right or remedy.
2.18 RELEASE OF LIABILITY
No security system is failsafe. Even the best system can't prevent crime. Always actas if security systems don't exist since they are subject
to malfunction, tampering, and human error. We disclaim any express or implied warranties of security. The best safety measures are the
ones you perform as a matter of common sense and habit.
Tenant hereby releases, indemnifies, and holds harmless Landlord, Manager and their respective Managers, contractors and employees from
and against any and all claims, causes of action, demands, costs or expenses, including court cost and attorney fees, arising out of or in any
way related to any and all Tenant Services provided to Tenant by Landlord, Manager and their respective Managers, contractors and
employees.
A. Casualty Loss. Landlord and Landlord's Manager do not warrant, represent or guarantee the safety of Tenant's personal property. Tenant
hereby releases Landlord from any and all claims for damage or loss to Tenant's personal property and shall indemnify and hold Landlord
harmless, including Landlord's attorney fees and costs, from any claims associated with Tenant's personal property regardless of by whom
such claims are brought, including Tenant's insurer. Landlord advises Tenant to obtain insurance for losses due to theft, fire, smoke, water
damage, and the like.
B. TENANT IS ADVISED TO PURCHASE RENTERS INSURANCE. LANDLORD AND LANDLORD'S AGENT SHALL HAVE NO
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THEFT, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO TENANT'S PERSONAL PROPERTY. LANDLORD'S INSURANCE POLICIES
PROVIDE NO COVERAGE FOR TENANT'S PROPERTY, INCLUDING TENANT'S AUTOMOBILE.
2.19 SUBLETTING OR ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE
Tenant may not assign or sublet the leased premises for any part of the term of this lease.
2.20 USE AND OCCUPANCY
Tenant covenants that the Premises is to be used and occupied by Tenant as Tenant's principle residence, solely as a private Tenantial
household, not for any unlawful purpose, and not for any other purpose whatsoever, including any business purpose that is not specifically
allowed by this Lease. Conducting any kind of business except as set forth specifically herein in the premises is prohibited. Tenant shall
show due consideration for others by not interfering with, disturbing, or threatening the rights, comfort, health, safety, convenience, quiet
enjoyment, management (including unreasonable or hostile communications with Manager), and use of the community by other Tenants and
occupants and any of their guests, Managers, invitees, or the general public (collectively "others"). Manager shall be the sole judge of
acceptable conduct. Tenant agrees not to permit, commit, or suffer any conduct disorderly or otherwise, noise, vibration, odor, or other
nuisance whatsoever about the Premises,. Occupation of the Premises is subject to applicable occupancy standards determined by law and
by Manager. Only authorized occupants shall occupy the premises. Manager must approve any change of authorized occupants in writing
prior to occupancy. If any unauthorized person occupies the Premises for more than seven (7) days without Manager's consent, such person
shall be deemed an unauthorized occupant and subject to Manager's approval. Any approval of any Occupant is in Manager's sole and
absolute discretion. Manager may specifically condition any approval upon among other things, such unauthorized occupant completing the
normal residency application process including a rental application and paying Manager's application fee or other customary fees and charges
required by new Tenants. If Manager claims that any person residing in Tenant's Premises is an unauthorized occupant, Tenant shall bear the
burden of proving in any court action or eviction proceeding that the person challenged by Manager as an unauthorized occupant does not
reside at the Premises.
5


--- Page 6 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
Tenant shall provide, and allow Landlord or Landlord's Agent to provide an executed copy of this lease agreement, addenda, related
documentation, and all lease renewals to the HOA and the HOA management company for this property.
Tenant shall abide by all Building and Home Owners Association rules and regulations. These documents are made a part of this lease by
reference.
Tenant shall abide by all federal, state and local laws and regulations.
2.21 PETS
Tenant shall not keep ANY animals on the said premises for ANY length of time without first obtaining the written consent of the Landlord. If an
unauthorized pet has been in the property at any time during your term of occupancy, Tenant shall pay a non-refundable fee of $1,000.00 to
Landlord. Payment of this fee does not entitle Tenant to keep unauthorized pet(s) on the premises and Tenant shall have 72 hours from initial
posting of notice to remove unauthorized pet(s).
2.22 UTILITIES
In addition to Rent, Tenant agrees to pay any and all other utilities including related deposits and transfer charges that Landlord has not
specifically agreed to pay. Manager shall transfer into Tenant's name or account effective on the Commencement Date of this Agreement all
utilities serving the premises that are to be paid for by Tenant. For any utility bill or account in Tenant's name, Tenant shall not change out of
Tenant's name or allow any such utility to be disconnected for any reason or by any means including but not limited to non-payment of utility
bills until the Tenant moves out of the Premises. Tenant shall be liable for all utilities until the date Tenant vacates or until the date Tenant
could have moved out if Tenant had given proper notice whichever date is later. If Tenant agrees to pay any utility, Landlord reserves the right
to pay any such utility and bill Tenant.
The payment of utilities for the Property will be paid for by the Tenant, with the exception of the following utilities (if any), which are paid for by
Landlord:
Water, Sewer, Trash, Heat and Basic Cable 0
Any and all charges for additional utilities or upgrades to utilities requested by Tenant and approved in writing by Landlord or Landlord's
Manager shall be paid by the Tenant.
If Tenant fails to place utilities in Tenant's name within 72 hours of lease commencement and/or terminates utilities prior to the lease
expiration, a $10 per day fee will be assessed to the Tenant for every day that the utilities are not in Tenant's name, including the
initial 72 hours after lease commencement.
The Tenant is not permitted to install satellite dishes on the roof or the side of the home. Satellites may only be installed on a pole mount, out
of sight, and in the backyard. All such installed satellites must be removed upon termination of the lease. Landlord suggests Tenants contact
Citizens Home Solutions free of charge at (877) 528-3824 to ensure the installation is done correctly, avoiding fines and fees. (Tenant
understands that Landlord has contracted with Citizens Home Solutions to handle Tenant utility relations free of charge to Tenant, and that
Landlord may receive incentives, from time to time, from Citizens Home Solutions.)
2.23 ACCESS TO PROPERTY
If Tenant or any guest or occupant is present, then Tenant shall allow repairers, servicers, or Landlord's or Manager's representatives to
peacefully enter the property at reasonable times for the purposes listed below. If nobody is present in the Property, then repairers,
servicers, or Manager's representatives may enter peacefully and at reasonable times by duplicate or master key if entry is for responding to
Tenant's request; repairs; estimating repair or refurbishing costs; pest control; preventative maintenance; filter changes; testing or replacing
smoke-detector batteries; retrieving tools or appliances; preventing waste of utilities; delivering, installing, reconnecting, or replacing
appliances, furniture, equipment, or security devices; removing or re-keying unauthorized security devices; stopping excessive noise or
other disturbances; removing health or safety hazards (including hazardous materials) and items prohibited under law, Homeowners
Association, building or Manager rules; retrieving property owned or leased by former tenants; inspections; entry by a law-enforcement
officer with or without a search warrant or in hot pursuit; showing the property to government inspectors, fire marshals, lenders, appraisers,
prospective buyers and tenants, or insurance Managers. For routine access to the Premises Manager shall provide a 24 hour written notice,
typically done via email.
Tenant shall permit Manager during the term of this Lease Agreement (but only between the hours of 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.) to show the
premises to prospective tenants or purchasers, upon 4-hour notice, in writing or verbally, to Tenant; and further, Manager may enter upon the
premises at any time during the term of the Lease Agreement with or without notice to Tenant, if entry is deemed by Manager necessary for
the protection of the premises. Failure to allow showings may be considered a violation of this lease agreement and a service charge of
$50 may apply for each declined showing or missed vendor appointment, at the sole discretion of Manager.
6


--- Page 7 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
2.24 MAINTENANCE
Tenant shall use customary diligence in maintaining the Property and common area.
Unless authorized by Manager in writing, Tenant shall not perform any repairs, painting, wallpapering, carpeting, electrical changes, or
otherwise alter the Property or the common areas. No holes or stickers are allowed inside or outside the Property. Landlord may permit a
reasonable number of small nail holes for picture hanging in sheet rock walls and grooves of wood-paneled walls but does not allow the
hanging and installation of flat panel Televisions/Television mounting brackets or other like devices. No water furniture, antennas, additional
phone or TV-cable outlets, alarm systems, or lock changes, additions, or re-keying is permitted unless consent to by the Landlord in writing.
Tenant shall not alter or remove property, including alarm systems, smoke detectors, furniture, telephone and cable TV wiring, screens, locks,
and security devices. Landlord shall supply light bulbs for fixtures furnished at lease inception; after that, Tenant shall replace them at Tenant's
expense with bulbs of the same wattage.
Tenant shall be responsible for all clogged drains, related service calls, as well as the costs associated with such repairs within the property,
however, Tenant will not be responsible for blockages within the condominium building main pipes, which are the responsibility of the HOA.
Tenant shall be responsible for replacing the HVAC filters on a quarterly basis and shall be responsible for any damage caused to the HVAC
system as well as service calls due to dirty HVAC filters.
Tenant's improvements to the Property (whether or not Landlord consents) become Landlord's unless Landlord agrees otherwise in writing.
2.25 REQUESTS, REPAIRS, AND MALFUNCTIONS
ALL NOTICES AND REQUEST FOR REPAIRS, INSTALLATIONS, OR SERVICES, OR SECURITY-RELATED MATTERS MUST BE MADE
IN WRITING TO THE LANDLORD'S DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE (except in emergencies involving immediate danger to person or
property, such as fire, gas, smoke, overflowing sewage, uncontrollable running water, electrical shorts, or crime in progress).
2.26 DAMAGE TO UNIT
Except as may have been specifically disclosed acknowledged, and agreed to by Manager on such Move In / Move Out Checklist or inventory
of damage form, Tenant shall be solely responsible for damage to the premises or fixtures, appliances or furnishings (if any) therein, caused by
Tenant, Tenant's family, servants, Managers or guests or for damage caused by any escape or overflow of water, gas, electricity or other
substances caused intentionally or by the negligence of Tenant. In the event of any such damage to the premises or fixtures, appliances or
furnishings therein, Tenant shall immediately notify Manager and Landlord may at its sole option repair the same and Tenant shall be
obligated to reimburse Landlord therefore within five (5) days after receipt of a statement from Landlord or Manager of the cost of said repair.
In the event Landlord elects not to repair such damage, it may exercise any other right or remedy provided under this Lease Agreement,
including but not limited to termination of this Lease Agreement.
Regardless of any security deposit, if Tenant is liable for any damages, Tenant shall pay Landlord or Manager for such damage upon demand.
Landlord or Manager's right to possession of the Premises upon Tenant's default shall not be limited in any respect because Landlord holds
any security deposit. If Manager applies any portion of the Security Deposit for any purpose while Tenant is in possession of the premises,
Tenant shall promptly pay Manager upon demand the amount necessary to restore the deposit to the original amount. Tenant's legal liability to
Landlord shall not be limited under any circumstances to the amount of the Security Deposit, but rather Tenant remains liable for and shall
promptly pay Manager all sums due under this Lease in excess of the Security Deposit including but not limited to all amounts for damages or
repairs.
2.27 SPECIAL PROVISIONS
The following special provisions control over conflicting provisions of this printed Lease Contract form:
Unit specific and build specific provisions
2.28 LEASE ATTACHMENTS
Move-In/Move-Out Walk Through Form, HOA Rules & Regulations, Xcel Energy Application, Key and Access Addendum.
2.29 LEAD-BASED PAINT
If the Property was constructed before 1978, (except if the term of the lease is less than 100 days with no possibility of renewal), Federal
Lead-Based Paint Regulations will apply, and Landlord must provide to Tenant disclosures and information required by Federal regulations.
Tenant must also receive a pamphlet called "Protect Your Family from Lead-Based Paint in Your Home." If the Property is subject to the
Lead-Based Paint Regulations, see attached addendum, Disclosure of Information on Lead-Based Paint and/or Lead-Based Paint Hazards.
7


--- Page 8 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
2.30 ATTORNEY AND COLLECTION FEES
If Tenant's account is placed for eviction or collection, Landlord may recover all costs of eviction or collection, whether or not a suit is filed. Late
charges are liquidated damages for Landlord and Manager's time, inconvenience, and overhead in collecting late rent (but are not for
attorneys’ fees and litigations costs). All unpaid amounts bear 18% interest per year from due date, compounded monthly. Tenant shall pay all
collection agency fees in addition to the amounts that are due under this Lease Contract. All parties hereby agree to waive the right to a jury
trial. Furthermore, the prevailing party may recover reasonable attorney's fees.
2.31 APPLIANCES AND FURNISHINGS
If currently installed on the premises, the following appliances, fixtures, and personal property are also included in this lease and are
provided in AS-IS condition: refrigerator, stove, dishwasher, microwave, clothes washer, clothes dryer, water filtration system, water softener,
and any other currently installed appliances. In the event that an appliance fails during the term of this lease, landlord shall, at Landlord's sole
discretion, repair appliance within a reasonable time frame or replace said appliance with a like-kind appliance of make and model of
Landlord's choosing.
2.32 INTERPRETING THIS LEASE CONTRACT
Neither Landlord nor any of Landlord's representatives have made any oral promises, representations, or agreements. This Lease Contract
and all its attachments is the entire agreement. Landlord's representatives (including management personnel, employees and Managers)
have no authority to waive, amend, or terminate this Lease Contract or any part of it, and no authority to make promises, representations, or
agreements that impose security duties or other obligations on Landlord or Landlord's representatives unless in writing. No action or omission
of Landlord's representative will be considered a waiver of any subsequent violation, default, or time or place of performance. Landlord or
Manager not enforcing or belatedly enforcing written-notice requirements, rental due dates, acceleration, liens, or other rights isn't a waiver
under any circumstances. Exercising one remedy shall not constitute an election or waiver of other remedies. All remedies are cumulative.
No employee, Manager, or Management Company is personally liable for any of Landlord's contractual, statutory, or other obligations merely
by virtue of acting on Landlord's behalf. Neither an invalid clause nor the omission of initials invalidates this Lease Contract. All provisions
regarding the Manager's non-liability and non-duty apply to Manager's employees, Managers, and management companies. This Lease
Contract is subordinate to existing and future recorded mortgages. All Lease Contract obligations must be performed in the county where the
property is located. Tenant shall not record this Lease Contract.
2.33, CAPTIONS
Captions or headings contained in this Lease shall not be construed to be a part of the Lease, but are included for the purposes of convenient
reference only.
2.34 PARTIAL INVALIDITY
Any provision of this Lease which shall prove to invalid, void or illegal shall in no way affect, impair or invalidate any other provision or
provisions hereof, and such other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
2.35 LAW GOVERNING
This Lease shall be governed by the law of the State of Colorado.
2.36 COPIES AND ATTACHMENTS
This Lease Contract has been executed in multiple copies, one for Tenant and one or more for Manager. By signing the Lease Contract,
Tenant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Lease Contract and all its attachments. Tenant should retain a copy of the lease contract and all
attachments.
2.37 ENTIRE AGREEMENT, MODIFICATION, SURVIVAL
This Lease Agreement shall be binding upon Landlord and Tenant and shall extend to be binding upon their heirs, executors, legal
representatives and assigns. Landlord may (but shall not be obligated to) at any time, including following the death of Tenant, deliver copies of
any and all keys to any person designated by Tenant as the Emergency Contact in the application or other writing provided by tenant to
Landlord.
By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 2.
Tenant Initials Landlord Initials
8


--- Page 9 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
3. Addenda
3.1 REQUIRED TENANT LIABILITY INSURANCE
This Addendum is attached to and becomes a part of the Residential Rental Agreement. For the duration of the Rental Agreement, Tenant is
required to maintain and provide the following minimum required insurance coverage:
* $100,000 Limit of Liability for Tenant's legal liability for damage to the Landlord's property for no less than the following causes of loss: fire,
smoke, explosion, water damage, backup or overflow of sewer, drain or sump (“Required Insurance”).
Landlord must be listed as an Additional Insured on the policy. Tenant is required to furnish Landlord with evidence of Required Insurance
prior to occupancy of leased premises and at the time of each lease renewal period. If at any time Tenant does not have Required Insurance,
Tenant is in breach of the Rental Agreement and Landlord shall have, in addition to any other rights under the Rental Agreement, the right
but not the obligation to purchase Required Insurance coverage and seek reimbursement from the Tenant for all costs and expenses
associated with such purchase.
Tenant may obtain Required Insurance from an insurance agent or insurance company of Tenant's choice. If Tenant furnishes evidence of
such insurance and maintains the insurance for the duration of the Lease Agreement, then nothing more is required. If Tenant does not
maintain Required Insurance, the insurance requirement of this Rental Agreement may be satisfied by Landlord, who may schedule the
Tenant's unit for coverage under the Landlord's Required Resident Liability insurance policy (“LRRL”). The coverage provided under the
LRRL will provide the Required Insurance coverage listed above. An amount equal to the total cost to the Landlord for the LRRL coverage
shall be charged to Tenant by the Landlord. Some important points of this coverage, which Tenant should understand are:
1. LRRL is designed to fulfill the insurance requirement of the Rental Agreement. Landlord is the Insured under the LRRL. Tenant is not the
insured under the LRRL policy.
2. LRRL coverage is not personal liability insurance or renters insurance. Landlord makes no representation that LRRL covers the Tenant's
additional living expenses or liability arising out of bodily injury or property damage to any third party. If Tenant requires any of these
coverages, then Tenant should contact an insurance agent or insurance company of Tenant's choice.
3. Coverage under the LRRL policy may be more expensive than the cost of Required Insurance obtainable by Tenant elsewhere. At any
time, Tenant may contact an agent of their choice for insurance options to satisfy the Required Insurance under this Rental Agreement.
4. Licensed insurance agents may receive a commission on the LRRL policy.
5. The cost to the Tenant for the LRRL coverage shall be nine dollars and fifty cents ($9.50) per month.
Scheduling under the LRRL policy is not mandatory and Tenant may purchase Required Insurance from an insurance agent or insurance
company of Tenant's choice at any time and coverage under the LRRL policy will be terminated by the Landlord.
3.2 CRIME FREE
In consideration of the lease or renewal of the lease of the Property, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows:
1. Tenant, any member of the Tenant's household, guest(s) or other person(s) on the premises with the Tenant's consent, shall not engage in
any act intended to facilitate criminal activity, including drug-related criminal activity, on or about the said premises.
2. Tenant and/or members of the Tenant's household will not permit the dwelling unit to be used for, or to facilitate criminal activity, including
drug-related criminal activity, regardless of whether the individual engaging in such activity is a member of the household or a guest.
3. Tenant, any member of the Tenant's household, guest(s) or other person(s) on the premises with the Tenant's consent, shall not engage in
the unlawful manufacturing, selling, using, storing, keeping, or giving of a controlled substance whether on or about the dwelling unit or
premises.
4. Tenant, any member of the Tenant's household, guest(s) or other person(s) on the premises with the Tenant's consent, shall not engage in
any illegal activity, including but not limited to prostitution, criminal street gang activity, threatening or intimidating assault, or the unlawful
discharge of firearms, on or about the dwelling unit premises, or any breach of the lease that otherwise jeopardizes the health, safety and
welfare of the Landlord, its agents, or other Tenant, or involving imminent serious property damage.
5. Tenant, any member of the Tenant's household, guest(s) or other person(s) on the premises with the Tenant's consent, shall not engage in
any illegal activity, including but not limited to prostitution, criminal street gang activity, threatening or intimidating assault, or the unlawful
discharge of firearms, on or about the dwelling unit premises, or any breach of the lease that otherwise jeopardizes the health, safety and
welfare of the Landlord, its agents, or other Tenant, or involving imminent serious property damage.
6. VIOLATION OF THIS ADDENDUM OCCURRING ON OR NEAR THE PROPERTY SHALL BE A MATERIAL VIOLATION OF THE LEASE
AND CAUSE FOR TERMINATION OF TENANCY.
7. No provision of the lease shall diminish the Tenant's obligations under this Addendum.
3.3 EXPERIAN RENTBUREAU
HomeVault participates in credit bureau reporting through Experian RentBureau. Credit plays an important role in your life — affecting the
9


--- Page 10 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
purchases you make and much more. A credit history is vital in today’s economy and enables you to obtain valuable credit services such as
credit cards, mortgages and auto loans. Lenders use credit reports and credit scores to gauge the likelihood that you will pay back a loan. We
understand the importance of building credit history and believe that responsible renters should get credit for managing their rental
payments.
Experian RentBureau receives updated rental payment data every 24 hours from property management companies and electronic rent
payment services nationwide. This data is accessed by resident screening companies for use during the application process for prospective
residents. Continuous on-time rental payment data also may be incorporated within Experian credit reports, which are used by various
types of credit-granting institutions, including banks, auto finance companies and telecommunications providers.
For more information, please visit: http://www.experian.com/rentbureau/renter-credit.html.
3.4 SERVICE AND THERAPY ANIMALS IN PRIVATELY-OWNED HOUSING
Applicable Anti-Discrimination Laws. The Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988 ("FHAct") prohibits discrimination in the sale or rental of
a dwelling to a buyer or renter because of a handicap and covers all types of housing, including privately owned housing and federally-
assisted housing. In addition, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ("Section 504") applies to housing providers that receive federal
financial assistance from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Under both the FHAct and Section 504, a person is
considered handicap or disabled if s/he has "a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more maior life activities; has a
record of such impairment; or is regarded as having such an impairment". The term "discrimination" is defined to include "a refusal to make
reasonable accommodations in rules, policies, practices, or services, when such accommodations may be necessary to afford such person
equal opportunity to use and enjoy a dwelling."
The American with Disabilities Act ("ADA") also prohibits discrimination against persons with disabilities, but applies specifically to public
entities and places of public accommodations (businesses that are generally open to the public and that fall into one of 12 categories listed in
the ADA).
Service and Therapy Animals. The law distinguishes between service animals and emotional support or therapy animals. The term "service
animal" derives from ADA. The ADA limits the definition of "service animal" to include only dogs and miniature horses that are individually
trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability. The ADA excludes other assistance animals, such as
emotional support animals. New Mexico also has a statute that establishes certain protections for persons that utilize the support of service
animals, the Service Animal Act ("Act"). The definition of "qualified service animal" and "qualified service dog" under the Act is similar to that in
the ADA.
However, the FHAct and Section 504, which apply specifically to housing providers, as discussed above, require housing providers to make
reasonable accommodations for assistance animals. Under the FHAct and Section 504, the term "assistance animal" is defined to include
both service and therapy animals (the latter may also be referred to as assistive, (emotional) support or comfort animals). For purposes of
reasonable accommodations, neither the FHAct, nor Section 504 requires an assistance animal to have specialized training or be certified.
Further, while dogs are the most common assistance animals, any type of animal can be an assistance animal.
"No Pet" Polices. Because assistance animals are not considered pets, a "No Pets" policy does not apply to an assistance animal. Further,
the housing provider may not charge a pet deposit, pet fee or pet rent or increase the standard security deposit because the assistance
animal is residing in or on the property. However, assistance animals are not exempt from local animal control or public health requirements.
Consequently, a housing provider may request proof that the tenant has complied with all applicable licensing and/or
vaccination ordinances.
Request for Reasonable Accommodation. In the event the housing provider has a "no pet policy", the housing provider is authorized to
verify that the request to set aside such a policy in order to accommodate the applicant or tenant is a reasonable one. In order to qualify asa
reasonable accommodation, the following criteria must be satisfied:
1. the tenant, a member of the tenant's family or other person associated with the tenant who is residing atthe property has a disability
that substantially limits one or more maior life activities; and
2. the animal is needed to assist with that disability; and
3. the individual who requests the reasonable accommodation demonstrates that there is a relationship between the disability and the
assistance that the animal provides; there is "an identifiable relationship, or nexus, between the requested accommodation and the person's
disability."
A housing provider may only request documentation of the disability if the disability is not readily apparent or is not already known to the
housing provider. For example, individuals who are seeking a reasonable accommodation for an emotional support animal may be required to
provide documentation from a health care provider (such as a physician, psychiatrist, social worker, or other mental health professional) that
the animal provides support that alleviates at least one of the identified symptoms or effects of the existing disability. This does not mean that
any animal providing some benefit to a tenant must always be accepted. The mental health professional must connect the tenant's possession
of the animal with an alleviation of at least one symptom of the disability. While this requires more than a mere statement that a dog or cat
makes a tenant feel good, the housing provider may not ask the applicant or tenant to provide access to medical records or medical providers
or provide detailed or extensive information or documentation of a person's physical or mental impairments.
10


--- Page 11 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f

HomeVault
Denying a Request for Reasonable Accommodation. Under certain circumstances, a housing provider may deny a tenant's request to have
an assistance animal, even if all of the foregoing criteria have been satisfied: 1) if the assistance animal has a history of dangerous behavior;
2) if the presence of the assistance animal would result in substantial physical damage to the property of others unless the threat can be
eliminated or significantly reduced by a reasonable accommodation; (3) if allowing the assistance animal poses an undue financial and
administrative burden on the housing provider; or (4) if allowing the assistance animal fundamentally alters the nature of the provider's
operations.
Breed size and weight limits may not be applied to assistance animals. A determination that an assistance animal poses a direct threat of
harm to others or would cause substantial physical damage to the property of others must be based on the individualized assessment that
relies on objective evidence about the specific animal's actual conduct, not on mere speculation or fear about the types of harm or damage an
animal may cause or on prior experiences with other animals.
Damage Caused by Assistance Animal. While the housing provider is prohibited from collecting an additional damage deposit based on the
assistance animal living in or on the property, the tenant remains responsible for damage to the property caused by the assistance animal. If
the housing provider learns of the damage while the tenant is still residing in the property, the housing provider may treat such occurrence in
the same manner as s/he would treat the occurrence of damage to the property caused by the tenant. For example, damage to the property
may result in the housing provider serving the tenant with a three or seven-day notice of non-compliance with the rental agreement. If the
housing provider learns of the damage after the tenant has vacated the property, the housing provider may apply the damage deposit to the
cost of remediating such damage (as long as the housing provider complies with all accounting of the damage deposit as required by law)
and if such damage deposit is insufficient, may pursue all legal remedies available by law and equity against the tenant for recovery of any
remaining amount due to repair the damage.
For More Information. For more information on the the ADA, the FHAct and Section504,visit,http://portal.hud.gov/ hudportal/HUD; type in
"assistance animals" in the search box. For advice regarding a specific situation involving an assistance animal, housing providers should
consult with their own independent legal counsel.
3.5 BED BUGS
TENANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT:
1. They have received and read the pamphlet "Bed Bug Prevention, Detection and Control,” available online at https://www.epa.gov/
sites/production/files/2014-02/documents/bed-bug-prevention-detection-control.pdf, which outlines how to detect bed bugs, how they spread,
how to prevent bed bugs and pest management.
2. The Landlord has inspected the Property and is not aware of any bed bug infestation.
3. He/she may have his/her own inspection of the Property conducted by a pest management professional before moving into the
Property and that such inspection would be at Tenant's sole cost and expense.
4. All furnishings and personal properties that will be moved into the Property will be free of bed bugs.
TENANT HEREBY AGREES TO THE FOLLOWING:
1. To check for hitch-hiking bed bugs. If Tenant(s) stays in a hotel or another home, Tenant(s) agrees to inspect clothing, luggage, shoes and
personal belongings for signs of bed bugs before re-entering the Property. After using public transportation or visiting theater, Tenant(s)
agrees to check backpacks, shoes and clothing before re-entering Property. After guests visit, Tenant(s) agree to inspect beds, bedding and
upholstered furniture for signs of bed bug infestation;
2. To report any problems immediately to Landlord. Even a few bed bugs can rapidly multiply to create a major infestation that may spread
to other properties;
3. To cooperate with Landlord and/or pest management professionals in their pet control efforts. If the Property or, in the event of multi-
family units, a neighbor's property is infested a pest management professional may be called in to eradicate the problem. The Property
must be properly prepared for treatment. Tenant must comply with recommendations and requests from the pest management
professional prior to treatment, including but not limited to:
+ Placing all bedding, drapes, curtains and small rugs in bags for transport to laundry or dry cleaners;
* Disposing of heavily infested mattresses by sealing them in plastic and disposing of them properly;
+ Emptying dressers, night stands and closets;
* Removing all items from floors. All clothing, shoes, boxes, toys, etc. should be bagged and sealed. Washable and non-washable items
should be bagged separately and used bags must be disposed of properly.
* Vacuuming all floors (including closet floors), furniture (including inside drawers and nightstands) and mattresses and box springs;
carefully remove vacuum bags, seal them tightly in plastic and discard of them properly;
* Washing all machine-washable bedding, drapes and clothing, etc. on the hottest water temperature and drying on the hightest heat setting.
Take other items to the dry cleaners; inform the dry cleaners that the items are infested;
+ Discarding any items that cannot be decontaminated;
* Clearing off furniture and moving it to the center of the room, so that technicians can easily treat furniture surfaces, walls and carpet edges,
where bed bugs congregate; leave easy access to closets.

11


--- Page 12 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29. 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
EXPENSES. Tenant agrees that he/she may be responsible for expenses, including but not limited to, attorney fees and pest management
fees that Landlord may incur as a result of infestation of bed bugs in the apartment.
Landlord is not required to provide Tenant with alternative lodging or to pay to replace a Tenant's personal property.
HOLD HARMLESS. Tenant agrees to hold Landlord harmless from any actions, claims, losses, damages and expenses that Tenant may
incur as a result of a bed bug infestation, including, but not limited to loss of personal property. Tenant is advised to obtain appropriate
personal property insurance to cover such losses.
By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 3.
ay w
Tenant Initials Landlord Initials
12


--- Page 13 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANA ‘ENT
4. Other Important Information
4.1 SECURITY DEPOSIT AND MOVE-IN RENT
Move-In Rent: $.$0.00
Security Deposit: $ $0.00
4.2 MONTHLY RECURRING RENT
Monthly Rent: $1,725.00
4.3, MAIL SERVICE
Often times mail service is provided to community boxes. If your home fits this type of mail service, in most cases, you will need to visit the
U.S. Postal Service to schedule a key change of your mailbox. They will provide you with a new key as well as the location of your mailbox.
They may charge you with this service.
By initialing below, you acknowledge and agree to the terms in Section 4.
kv iC
is ;
Tenant Initials Landlord Initials
13


--- Page 14 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29. 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
5. Sign and Accept
5.1 ACCEPTANCE OF LEASE
This is a legally binding document. By typing your name, you are consenting to use electronic means to (i) sign this contract (ii) accept lease
agreement and addenda. You will receive an electronic copy of this Agreement for your records.
RV Signed by
% | Gustau J. Soli 04/06/2022 X
Lessee Gustav J. Solis Date Signed Lessee Date Signed
Lessee Date Signed Lessee Date Signed
RY Signed by
04/12/2022
Lessor (as Agent for Owner) Date Signed
HomeVault
14


--- Page 15 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT

ATTENTION RESIDENT
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING DOCUMENT. PLEASE READ IT THOROUGHLY BEFORE YOU SIGN. THERE
ARE NO AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNLESS CONTAINED IN WRITING SIGNED BY BOTH
PARTIES, ATTACHED AND MADE A PART OF THIS LEASE. YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ AND
UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE BEFORE YOU SIGN THIS AGREEMENT. YOU HAVE THE
RIGHT TO HAVE AN ATTORNEY, INSPECTOR, AND/OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL TO ADDRESS ANY
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS WITH ANY PROVISION CONTAINED IN THIS LEASE.
This agreement is made between:
RESIDENT: Gustav J. Solis (“Resident”)
and
REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT FIRM: HomeVault Property Management (“HomeVault” or “Agent”).
PREMISES: 2261 Blake St, Apt 3B, Denver, CO 80205


--- Page 16 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
Cla PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Security Deposit Waiver Agreement
Qo | decline to participate in the Security Deposit Waiver and will pay the full security deposit.
Y | elect to participate in the Security Deposit Waiver and will pay the monthly fee and have a $0 security
deposit owed on the lease.
Tenants participating in the Security Deposit Waiver understand the following terms and conditions:
As a way to provide You with lower up-front move-in costs than the total cost associated with a traditional
Security Deposit, We are offering the option for you to pay a monthly non-refundable Security Deposit Waiver
Administrative Fee in lieu of a traditional cash Security Deposit. The Security Deposit Waiver option has been
explained to You and You have voluntarily elected to participate in the program. The non-refundable Security
Deposit Waiver Administrative Fees are not a deposit and are not intended to secure performance of
your obligations under the Lease, but rather are to lower the total move-in cost for residents who choose to
participate in the program. In lieu of paying a traditional Security Deposit and in consideration for Your
participation in the program, You agree to authorize a Bank Authorization in the amount of $ 1,725.00 ;
This bank authorization allows Us to charge You as indicated on the final account statement up to the among
of the aforementioned Bank Authorization. Said deduction will be made from the credit card, debit card and/or
bank account You authorized and linked to Your account when you enrolled in the Program. Notwithstanding
Your payment of the Service Fee and agreement to the Bank Authorization, the Bank Authorization is not a
limitation of damages and You shall remain responsible for the full amount of any and all damage to the
Premises exceeding normal wear and tear, and any unpaid rent, utilities or any other lawful amount owed by
You under the Lease at the time of move out which exceeds the amount of the Bank Authorization. You will
receive a final account statement reflecting all charges owed at the time of move out within sixty days of the
date on which possession of the Premises is returned and the Lease has terminated. You understand and
agree that the Bank Authorization is not a Security Deposit and that the Bank Authorization is not held
on hand by Us to offset against potential damages, charges or other outstanding balances. Any amount left
owing at the end of the Lease terms is Your full responsibility. All Security Deposit Waiver Administrative Fees
are final and no refunds shall be issued. This agreement remains in effect with the monthly Security Deposit
Waiver Administrative Fee due on the 1st of each month so long as You occupy the Premises with HomeVault
as the Management Firm.
Your participation in the Security Deposit Waiver program shall not otherwise modify, waive or alter any other
terms or conditions of the Lease Agreement on the Premises, which shall remain in full force and effect unless
otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties.
You understand that the Security Deposit Waiver Program is not Resident's insurance, that You are not
purchasing any type of insurance from the Premises, that You are not the beneficiary of any insurance program
and that neither the Premises nor any third-party provides any insurance which covers You, the Resident.


--- Page 17 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
Resident Benefits Package Agreement

IN CONSIDERATION of the promises contained in this Agreement, Resident hereby agrees to pay HomeVault
a Monthly Resident Benefit Package Fee. The value of the Monthly Resident Benefits Package Fee is $32.95
for the simple lite Resident Benefits Package without keyless system and $47.95 for the Resident Benefits
Package that includes a keyless smart lock.
Monthly Resident Benefits Package Fee:

k | $32.95 without keyless smart home

(_] $47.95 with keyless smart home
Your Resident Benefits Package includes the following features:
1. If applicable, Keyless Smart Home. Your rental home has been upgraded to a Keyless Smart Home
connected via monthly cell tower subscription (no need to connect to wifi!). You will have an app with complete
control to issue temporary codes to houseguests and say goodbye to your house keys!
2. Utility & Maintenance Reduction Program. Air filters delivered directly to your home! quality air filters
will be delivered timely and straight to your home. No more trying to remember to pick one up from the store.
We will send you the appropriate size and if your home requires more than one filter, don't worry, we've got that
one covered, too, at no additional cost. The biggest benefit, when filters are changed regularly, utility savings
can be as big as 15%! That's huge! All you have to do is install the filters when you receive them.
e High-quality filters
e Conveniently delivered directly to you
e Filters are delivered on schedule as a timely physical reminder to change them
e Energy savings up to 15%
e Please note, some homes have more than one filter while some have no filters at all.
e Because of this, HomeVault provides filters as needed with no change in prices for the Resident
Benefits Package. Let us know if you have a medical need for special allergen filters.
3. Utilities Concierge Setup. We know that moving can be a stressful and difficult time, and sometimes
getting your utilities set up to be prepared for your move-in date can be missed or forgotten about. That is why
we have a utility concierge service reach out to you and assist in having all of your utilities connected prior to
your moving into your new home.
4. Rewards program for on-time payments. You will receive several welcome gift cards when you join
the program and additional rewards with each rent payment and at renewal time.
5. Periodic Property Visits. Throughout the year we will schedule periodic visits for us to come to check
on the property and make sure you are doing okay and see if there is anything in particular that you need that
you may not have already asked.
6. Easy Online Maintenance Request. You have 24/7 access to your Tenant Portal to submit
maintenance requests, submit relevant photos, as well as check the status of the request.
7. 24/7 Maintenance Hotline with Live Phone Support. You can reach a live person after hours for
emergency maintenance concerns by simply calling our main phone line.


--- Page 18 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
HomeVault
Cla PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
8. Free Credit Reporting for All Rental Payments to Credit Bureau. Paying your rent on-time helps
you build your credit! You receive the benefit of positive credit reporting for all on-time rental payments to at
least one credit bureau. We help you build your credit!
9. Free Online Payment via E-Check. Through your online Tenant Portal, all e-check payments are free
of charge. The third-party processing company charges HomeVault Property Management fees to offer online
payments, but through this agreement, there will be no additional cost to the resident. The tenant portal even
allows for automatic payments that you have total control over, making remembering and paying rent that
much easier!
* Our online portal also allows for credit and debit card payments. Some of the payment options are free
(paying with echeck) while others incur a convenience fee (for the credit card payments).
10. Document Storage. Ever needed to give your lease to the utility company to prove your residency?
We're sure you probably have! We make it easy to find your lease and other documents like Tenant Liability
Insurance Policy by storing them in your secure, online Tenant Portal.
11. One-time Late Fee Forgiveness. In the unfortunate event of a late rent payment, we will credit your
late fee once within a rolling 12 month period if you are in a term lease, to help alleviate the mishap.
12. | Tenant Liability Insurance Administration. When you purchase Tenant Liability Insurance through
our recommended provider, we will help administer the program and help through the claims process if needed
($3.00 administration value).


--- Page 19 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Pet Agreement
Managing a property that admits pets presents us with a set of unique challenges. We need to ensure that the
pet is secure before scheduling repairs or other routine property visits. We also need to enforce compliance
with our pet policy to protect the property and to manage the pet updates at lease renewal. That is why
HomeVault charges administrative fees to cover costs associated with our extensive screening and onboarding
of each pet.
IN CONSIDERATION of the promises contained in this Agreement, Resident hereby agrees to pay HomeVault
the following fees to be permitted to keep a pet of the type described above:
1. Pet Onboarding Administrative Fee: Resident shall pay a non-refundable, initial animal administrative fee.
The amount of this fee is based on the pet’s screening score and it ranges from $300 to $450. HomeVault
offers a 50% discount on additional pets.
2. Monthly Pet Administrative Fee: Resident shall pay a monthly pet administrative fee (“Petl Fee”). Resident
acknowledges that the amount of the Pet Fee is reasonable and agrees that HomeVault shall not be required
to refund the monthly Pet Fee in whole or in part. Resident agrees to reimburse for any and all damages
caused by any pet kept by Resident on the Premises, whether the damage is to the Premises or to any
common areas used in conjunction with them. Resident further understands and agrees that the monthly fee
will be $30, $35, $40, or $45 per month, per pet, depending on the pet's screening score as provided by a
third-party tool.
The Pet Fee is due each month, on or before the 1st of the month. Any payments submitted by Resident shall
first be applied to the Pet Fee and then any rents due. Resident agrees to pay this monthly fee while
throughout the term of the lease and/or any subsequent renewal periods.


--- Page 20 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Cleaning and Move-Out Agreement
Moving into a new residence is a time-consuming and stressful process that often requires more time than
Resident has. Additionally, cleaning standards can vary significantly from one individual to another. In an effort
to lessen the Resident's workload at move-out and ensure that the Premises meet HomeVault's standards for a
new resident, Resident agrees to pay a non-refundable, administrative Move-Out Fee in the amount of up to
50% of the monthly rent, in consideration of HomeVault not requiring Resident to leave the Premises in broom
clean condition upon move out.
Payment of this fee covers carpet cleaning, vacuuming, mopping, cleaning appliances, replacing burnt out light
bulbs, smoke alarm batteries, or other minor cleaning items that would otherwise be required to leave the
Premises in a broom clean condition. This Move-out Fee is NOT refundable and is NOT part of the
Resident’s Security Deposit on the Premises.
In the event in which additional cleaning beyond normal wear and tear is required after move out, Resident
shall remain responsible for the actual costs associated with such cleaning. Furthermore, in the event any
carpet or flooring is damaged due to pet urine, waste, or any other substance that cannot be removed by
cleaning the carpet or flooring, Resident shall remain responsible for any and all costs associated with the
damage to said carpet or flooring, including, but not limited to, the pro-rated replacement costs of such carpet
or flooring.
In the event that HomeVault is no longer the property manager of this unit on Resident's move out date,
Resident agrees that HomeVault will not be responsible to perform any of the cleaning activities as described
above, that the cleaning activities will be transferred to the Landlord, and that the Move Out Administrative
Fee remains nonrefundable.


--- Page 21 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Lease Administrative Agreement
LEASE ADMINISTRATIVE FEE: A lease administrative fee ranging between $150-700 may be applicable
depending on your final application score. It has been shown through both statistical and historical analysis
that an applicant's overall application score directly affects the management of the tenant and enforcement of
the lease. Applicants with a lower overall application score present an increased workload to enforce the lease.
To compensate these administrative costs of lease enforcement and allow applicants with a less than a perfect
application score to still gain approval for their chosen property we have implemented a scoring model that
allows applicants to pay a lease administrative fee to offset the increased administrative costs in approving
them with lower than a good application score.
These additional administrative fees allow us to rent to applicants who may not otherwise be eligible to rent our
homes. Your fee is determined by your application score and your scorecard will be furnished upon request.
NOTE: Applicants who do not have a credit score or which is determined N/A may be assigned a credit score
of 500 for the purposes of determining their application score.
The Monthly Lease Administrative Fee is due each month on or before the 1st of the month. Any payments
submitted by Resident shall first be applied to the Monthly Lease Administrative Fee and then to any rents due.
Resident agrees to pay this monthly fee throughout the term of the lease and/or any subsequent renewal
periods.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and there are no representations, inducements or
other provisions other than those expressed in writing. All changes, additions, or deletions hereto must be in
writing and signed by all parties, with the sole exception of any changes to the Rules and Regulations.


--- Page 22 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Table of Charges
Move-in Charges:
e Pet Onboarding Administrative Fee: $ NA
e Cleaning and Move-out Administrative Fee: $_365.00
e Lease Administrative Fee: $ NA
Monthly Resident Agreement Charges: $ 1,842.70
e Security Deposit Waiver Fee: $ 50.25
e Resident Benefits Package: $ 32.95
° Pet Administrative Fee: $_NA
° Lease Administrative Fee: $na
Tenant Liability Insurance $9.50
This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and there are no representations, inducements, or
other provisions other than those expressed in writing. All changes, additions, or deletions hereto must be in
writing and signed by all parties, with the sole exception of any changes to the Rules and Regulations.


--- Page 23 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29 _2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Sign and Accept

This is a legally binding document. By typing your name, you are consenting to use electronic means to (i)
sign this contract (ii) accept this agreement. You will receive an electronic copy of this Agreement for your
records.

X uaa J. Solis 04/06/2022 X

Lessee Gustav J. Solis Date Signed Lessee Date Signed

> a

Lessee Date Signed Lessee Date Signed

X | Tony Cline 04/12/2022

Lessor tomeVault Date Signed

as Agent for Owner


--- Page 24 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29_2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31f
ADDENDUM 2021
This is an Addendum to the Lease (the “Lease”) dated __5/30/2022 (the “Lease Date”), by
and between ___ Sean Burden (Landlord)
and (Residents) 6. ..1ay-3-Selis , and
, (collectively hereinafter “Resident”), for the premises
known as _2261 Blake St_ Apt 3B. Denver CO 80205 County of
, State of Colorado (“Premises”).

In case of any conflict between the provisions of the Lease and this Lease Addendum, the provisions of
this Lease Addendum shall govern.
1, Rent is payable in advance. Rent is due (Check One):

_X__ on or before the 1st day of the month.

Rent is late if not paid by 11:59 p.m. on the day it is due. If you fail to pay the rent within seven

(7) calendar days of it being late, you agree to pay a late fee of five percent of the monthly rent

whichever is greater. (If no box is checked rent is due on or before the 1st day of the month.)
2. Regardless of the language of the Lease, any amounts due pursuant to the Lease other than base
monthly rent are no longer considered rent or additional rent. All such amounts shall be considered fees
or additional consideration paid for Landlord’s promises and covenants set forth in the Lease. Unless
specifically stated in the Lease, any charges, fees, or amounts (collectively “amounts”) other than rent due
under this Lease are due and payable on the same day as rent. Landlord may change when amounts other
than rent are due by providing Resident written notice that such amounts are payable on a different date.
3, ATTORNEYS’ FEES: Tenant(s) agrees to pay Landlord all costs incurred by Landlord in
connection with collecting any rent, amounts, or damages owing by Tenant under this Agreement or to
enforce any provision of this Agreement, including but not limited to any collection costs and reasonable
attorneys’ fees from the date any such matter is turned over to an attorney and regardless of whether suit
is commenced. Landlord and Tenant(s) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or
in any way connected with this Agreement, regardless of whether such claim is based on
contract, tort, or other legal theory, shall be heard by a court sitting without a jury and thus
Tenant(s) hereby waives all rights to a trial by jury. In any disputed court action where the court
resolves the dispute and determines the prevailing party, the court shall also award to the prevailing party
its attorneys’ fees and costs and the non-prevailing party shall be liable to the prevailing party for payment
of any court awarded attorneys’ fees and costs. Tenant(s) agrees that suit shall have the broadest possible
meaning and includes by way of example but not by way of limitation any lawsuit, governmental agency
action including but not limited to any fair housing claim, or any other proceeding, between Landlord and
Tenant(s) to enforce this Agreement, arising from this Agreement, or in any way connected with this
Agreement or Tenant(s)’s tenancy at the premises, including but not limited to litigation concerning
Tenant(s)’s security deposit. Resident agrees to pay eighteen percent (18%) interest compounded annually
on all unpaid rent, amounts, or damages owed by Resident, except for late fees, from that date of
Landlord’s final accounting until such time Resident pays all outstanding amounts.
4, STATUTORY RIGHT TO CURE. Pursuant to Colorado law, Resident has the right to pay all
amounts due prior to a court entering a judgment for possession if Resident is being evicted for
non-payment of rent. If Resident exercises Resident’s statutory right to pay, Landlord only has to accept
Resident’s payment if Resident fully pays all amounts due according to eviction notice, as well as any rent
that remains due under this Agreement. If Resident exercises Resident’s right to pay, Resident agrees to


--- Page 25 ---

Rentvine Envelope ID : 29_2d14b6ad-9b6e-4307-9e39-ffe47394a31 f
pay the Landlord directly in certified funds. If Resident exercises Resident’s statutory right to pay
in response to an eviction notice after the notice has expired and after Landlord’s attorney has filed an
eviction case with a court to enforce Landlord’s legal rights but before the court has entered a judgment
for possession, Resident agrees to pay Landlord’s current attorney's fees and court costs as set forth in the
eviction notice in addition to any other amounts due pursuant to the Lease and all other amounts set forth
in the notice. If Landlord files an eviction case and the court determines the possession issue because
Resident disputes the eviction case, attorneys’ fees and costs will be awarded to the prevailing party as
determined by the court consistent with the parties’ intent to have attorneys’ fees and court costs awarded
to the prevailing party in disputed court actions as set forth in this Agreement.
This is not a Real Estate Commission Approved Form, It was prepared by Landlord's attorney, Tschetter
Sulzer, PC.
Fen Cline 04/12/2022 | Gustav J. Salis 04/06/2022
Landlord/Agent for Landlord Date Resident Date
Home Vault Home Vault
Resident Date
HomeVault
Resident Date
HomeVault
