Filename: Martinez lease.pdf
Method: pdfplumber
Pages: 16
Extracted: 2025-10-29T11:31:23.640030
============================================================


--- Page 1 ---

Page 01 of 07
Johnson Property Management LLC
Rental Agreement & Deposit Receipt
RECEIVED FROM: Ailene Martinez hereinafter referred to as Tenant, the sum of $0.00 (minus a $100 nonrefundable portion of deposit
retained by Johnson Property Management, LLC in lieu of charging Application Fees) DOLLARS, as a deposit which, upon acceptance of
this rental agreement, the Owner of the premises and procured agent, hereinafter referred to as Owner, shall apply said deposit as follows:
Rent for the period 09/01 to 09/30/23 $295.00
Amenity package for the period 09/01 to 09/30/23 $30.00
Initial Leasing Service $100.00
Zero deposit program premium $45.00
Security deposit (includes $100 non-refundable JPM portion) $0.00
Total $470.00
In the event this agreement is not accepted by the Owner or his authorized agent within 2 days, the total deposit received shall be refunded and
agreement null and void. It is understood that the Tenant (and Cosigner) can understand and read English.
Tenant hereby offers to rent from the Owner the premises situated in the City of Nampa, State of ID, described as 824 17th Ave S #7 83651
including stove, refrigerator, carpet, window coverings and screens, upon the following TERMS and CONDITIONS:
AGENT: The tenant understands that Johnson Property Management, LLC is the acting agent of the Owner. This Rental Agreement shall be
binding if management of the property is transferred to the Owner or any agent procured by the Owner.
TERM: The term hereof shall commence on 8/24/2023, for a fixed initial lease term described below, and continue on a month to month basis
thereafter, until either party shall terminate the same by giving the other party a thirty (30) days written notice delivered by certified mail.
Emailed 30 day notices or notices placed in our drop box are not accepted as proper termination notice. Tenants must use our 30 day notice to
vacate form on our website. The tenant agrees not to terminate prior to the expiration of 12 months from the commencement date (8/31/2024)
or in the months of November and December. All termination notices must be effective for the end of a calendar month.
RENT: Rent shall be $295.00 per month, payable in advance, upon the1st day of each calendar month to Owners authorized agent. The
first month's rent payment may be made by electronic payment, or at an approved "Cash Pay" location. All subsequent rent payments must
be made electronically through tenant portal at www.jpmidaho.com , or in person at any "Cash Pay" location:
www.paylease.com/cashpay/locations.
Your Cashpay Biller ID name is: 'Paylease Community Payments' Your Cashpay account number is: 9693535024. This number is valid
while renting from Johnson Property Management, LLC
Physical checks, CASH, and/or money orders are not accepted in-office for rental payments. If a physical payment is received, a $10
processing will be added to tenant account. ACH (electronic check) payments are free to tenants as part of amenity package. Credit/debit
card payments require an additional transaction fee charged by payment processor. In the event rent is not paid within five (5) days of due date,
Tenant agrees to pay a late fee of $50.00, said late fee of $50.00 is to be included with said late rent payment. For every two late rent
payments in a twelve (12) month period, rent will automatically be raised by $50.00 permanently. A $30.00 fee will be charged by JPM for
each “insufficient funds” check, in addition to any other NSF charges that our payment processor or your bank charge to return the payment. A
$25.00 fee will be charged for each “3 day notice” served. Cosigner agrees to have their auto-payment information charged for the entire
account balance on the 15th of the month, in the event of non-payment by tenant.
AMENITIES: The premises' amenity package charge is $30.00 per month, which is due with, and according to the RENT and TERM
sections above.
PAYMENT ALLOCATION ORDER: When rent or other charges are due, any payment received will be credited towards late charges, bank fees,
3 day notice fees, open repair or utility charges etc. first. Account payments will be allocated towards rent charges after all other open account
charges have been satisfied.

--- Page 2 ---

Page 02 of 07
MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY: It is expressly understood that this agreement is between the Owner and each signatory individually and severally. In
the event of default by any one signatory each and every remaining signatory shall be responsible for timely payment of rent and all other
provisions of this agreement. All persons signing hereon (including Cosigner) shall be responsible for the terms herein so long as any of the
signing persons remain residing at the premises and all such persons are responsible for all terms contained herein. Each Tenant under this
Agreement is jointly and severally individually liable to the Owner for the total rent due and damages inflicted upon the leased Premises whether
or not Tenant continues to physically occupy the Premises.
UTILITIES: Tenant shall be responsible for the payment of all utilities and services, except: __all utilities paid__ which shall be paid by Owner.
Tenant agrees to transfer all applicable utilities immediately on or before TERM DATE. A $30.00 fee will be charged to the Tenant per
non-transferred, prorated or improperly reverted Tenant responsible utility billing. Any damage or loss incurred due to Tenant's
negligence to pay utilities, abandonment, or failure to provide heat when exterior temperatures fall at or near freezing, or to inform
Owner of shut off, shall be at Tenant's expense.
USE: The premises shall be used as a residence by the undersigned Tenants with no more than one persons, and for no other purpose, without
the prior written consent of the Owner. Occupancy by guests staying over 15 days shall be considered to be a violation of this provision and an
additional rent charge of $300 per week per unauthorized adult will be assessed. Trampolines are prohibited on the property. No Indoor
Smoking/Vaping. Tenant shall not violate any Federal, State, City, and/or Local Laws, to include any law considered a governmental law in the
use of the Premises, commit, waste, annoy, molest, or interfere with any other Tenant or neighbor, and the Conditions, Covenants and
Regulation (CC&R's). Tenant may not install or permit any of the following on the Premises, even temporarily: Satellite Dish or
Antennae, a spa/hot tub, above-ground pool, trampoline, swing sets/jungle gym, tree house, fire pit, or anything else that could be
considered an attractive nuisance, or that would constitute a property insurance liability.
PETS: No pets shall be brought on the premises without the prior written consent of the Owner.Tenant agrees to pay a $1000.00 fee and
property damage costs should an unauthorized dog or cat be found to inhabit the premises. No Pets, No Guest Pets, No Pet Sitting, or 'care
taking' of pets. If an approved animal or pet exists at the property, Tenant acknowledges and agrees to maintain an active pet profile through
Petscreening.com, and understands they are to renew the profile during the term of their tenancy and any subsequent renewals. Failure to
maintain an active pet profile through Petscreening.com will result in the animal or pet being unauthorized to be on the Premises, which is
deemed a violation of this agreement, and will result in further enforcement of this agreement.
HOUSE RULES: In the event that the premises are a portion of a building containing more than one unit, or subdivision containing more than
one unit, Tenant agrees to abide by any and all house rules and any applicable neighborhood CC&Rs, whether promulgated before or after the
execution hereof, including, but not limited to, rules with respect to noise, odors, disposal of refuse, pets, parking, and use of common areas.
Satellite dishes must not be installed onto any part of a building. Satellite dishes must only be installed using a pole or tripod mount and must
not be visible from the front of the property. All cabling must be hidden from view. Owner reserves the right to, at any time, remove and restore
any satellite dish and/or cabling installation at the expense of the tenant.
VEHICLES/BOATS/TRAILERS: Storage of boats, trailers/RVs is prohibited, except for those single family homes with designated storage and
meets all CC&Rs. Tenant shall not perform in any business connected with vehicles on the Premises. Vehicles of any kind should not be parked
on any area other than the driveway, designated RV access, if applicable, or the street or designated parking area. Vehicles leaking oil or
gasoline are to be removed from the Premises until repaired. Vehicles in obvious disrepair, inoperative, unregistered or expired
registration, are not to be parked on the Premises and will be towed at Tenant's expense.No spare/junk cars, car parts, tires, lumber, are
allowed in RV area or yard without permission from management. Tenant must obtain permission from management as to what kind of vehicle,
trailer or RV is stored in RV parking area. No car repairs are allowed in front of house or driveway.
ORDINANCES AND STATUTES: Tenant shall comply with all statues, ordinances and requirements of all municipal, state and federal
authorities now in force, or which may hereafter be in force, pertaining to the use of the premises.
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING: Tenant shall not assign this agreement or sublet any portion of the premises.
Any changes to tenants must be approved by the Owner. A Roomate Adjustment Fee of $75 per roommate will be charged to change
out/replace roommates. All fees must be paid in full to Owner upon written demand or posting to account by the Owner to Tenant.
(a) ADDING A ROOMATE: 1: Tenant must submit a written request (rental application) to Owner, and pay $75 fee.
2: The Tenant must abide by the decision of the Owner whether or not another person(s) can be added to rental
Agreement.
3: If Owner approves the person(s), at Owner's option may require that this Agreement or an entirely new
Agreement and/or Addendum be signed by the remaining and/or replacement Tenant(s)
and cosigner.
(b) RELEASING A TENANT:1: Tenant must complete the initial/current fixed Rental Agreement Term prior to release, and pay the $75 fee.
2: Remaining Tenant(s) must meet normal advertised qualification criteria before Owner will re-sign any Tenant(s).

--- Page 3 ---

Page 03 of 07
3: Once remaining Tenant(s) are approved, the Owner may require that this Agreement or an entirely new
Agreement and/or Addendum be signed by the remaining and/or replacement Tenant(s)
and cosigner.
MAINTENANCE, REPAIRS OR ALTERATIONS: Tenant acknowledges that the premises are in good order and repair, unless otherwise
indicated. Owner may at any time give Tenant a written inventory of appliances, furniture and furnishings on the premises and Tenant shall be
deemed to have possession of all said furniture and furnishings in good condition and repair, unless he objects thereto in writing within five days
after receipt of such inventory. Tenant shall, at their own expense, and at all times, maintain the premises in a clean and sanitary manner
including all equipment, appliances, furniture and furnishings therein and shall surrender the same at termination hereof, clean and in as good
condition as received, normal wear and tear excepted. Tenant shall be responsible for damages caused by his negligence and that of his family
or invitees and guests or pets or animals. Tenant shall not paint, paper or otherwise redecorate or make alterations to the premises without the
prior written consent of the Owner. Tenant shall irrigate and maintain any surrounding grounds, including lawns and shrubbery, and keep
the same clear of rubbish or weeds if such grounds are a part of the premises and are exclusively for the use of the Tenant. Tenant agrees to
keep sidewalks, driveways, and premises free of ice, snow, and debris, and in safe condition in accordance to city ordinance. Tenant shall not
litter. All cigarette butts must be placed in a proper container and properly disposed of. Tenant agrees to pick up trash and debris that blows
onto or appears on the Premises, no matter the source. Tenant is required to keep yard area free of debris, and to report problems to the Owner.
Upon demand, if Tenant fails to cleanup any of the above, Owner shall hire contractors at Tenant's expense. If provided sprinkler system is not
working properly, tenants are required to promptly request maintenance from Owner. Tenant is responsible for clearing clogged toilets,
disposals and sinks.Area normal insect/pest removal shall be a responsibility of the Tenant. Tenant will need to hire a locksmith, at their
own expense, in the event of a lock out or key loss. If the locksmith is unable to match the key cut, Tenant agrees to provide Owner with a
working copy within three business days. Tenant agrees to turn off and not operate the following appliances while absent from the Premises:
Stove/range/oven, microwave, sink disposal, dishwasher, washing machine and clothes dryer. No permanent shelving is permitted to be
installed or built by tenant without permission from management in house or garage. Tenant supplied free standing shelving is permitted. No
large or toggle style wall fasteners are to be used on walls or ceilings without permission from management. NO TV Mounts will be attached
to walls in any fashion. All hoses must be removed from outside faucets in freezing weather. Failure to do so will cause damage to the frost
faucet and will be repaired at tenants expense.
TENANT RESPONSIBILITY TO CARE AND MAINTAIN PREMISES: Tenant shall be responsible for the following:
1) Pay for damage to Premises as a result of failure to report a problem in a timely manner, to include high utility bills as a result of equipment
or appliance in need of repair, such as running or leaking plumbing fixture or furnace. 2) Pay Owner upon demand for costs to repair, replace, or
rebuild any portion of the Premises damaged, whether through act of negligence by Tenant, Tenant's guests, or invitees. 3) In the event of a
'break-in', Tenant shall supply Owner with a copy of the police report. In the absence of a police report, Owner will consider any damaged
caused by alleged break-in to be Tenant caused damage. 4) Replacing any broken or cracked glass, no matter what the circumstances of
breakage, unless police report is provided to Owner detailing circumstances of breakage. 5) Payment of unnecessary workman service calls, for
service calls caused by Tenant's negligence, and for extra service call as a result of failure to keep appointments with repairman. 6) Be
responsible for damage done by rain or wind as a result of leaving windows or doors open. 7) Refrain from disposing of items including, but not
limited to: diapers, sanitary napkins, tampons, paper towels, large wads of toilet paper, newspaper, toys, matches, Q-tips, balls of hair, grease,
oil, table scraps, clothing, pet litter, rags, sand, dirt, or rocks in any plumbing fixture. Tenant agrees to pay for cleaning the drains of any and all
stoppages, except incidents created by roots or structural defects. 8) Clearing blockages of garbage disposal not caused by mechanical failure.
9) Remove and properly store all holiday decorations within 5 business days of the holiday. 10) Remove garden hoses from exterior
hose-bibs/water spigots during cold weather and ensure these fixtures are completely turned off when not in use. 11) Clean window and wall
AC/heat pump filters every 90 days, or per air filter program instructions and time line. Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing immediately if
Tenant is not able to access air filter. Tenant's failure to properly and timely clean/replace the filters is a material breach of this Agreement and
Owner shall be entitled to exercise all rights and remedies it has against Tenant and Tenant shall be liable to Owner for all damages to the
Premises and heating/cooling systems.
MOISTURE ACCUMULATION, PREVENTION AND NOTIFICATION: Tenant shall remove any visible moisture accumulation in or on the
Premises, including all walls, windows and sills, floors, ceilings, and bathroom fixtures and agrees to mop up spills and thoroughly dry affected
areas promptly after each occurrence. Tenant shall promptly notify Owner in writing of the presence of the following conditions: 1) Water leaks,
2) shower/bath/sink/toilet overflows, 3) excessive moisture, 4) standing water in or around the Premises and/or any community common area,
5) major spillage, 6) visible or suspected mold that persists after normal housekeeping measures have been employed, 7) a malfunction in any
parts of the heating, air-conditioning, or ventilation system, refrigerator or dishwasher, 8) discoloration of walls, baseboards, doors, window
frames, ceilings, floors, 9) any loose, missing or failing grout of caulk around tubs, showers, sinks, faucets, counter tops, 10) clothing dryer vent
leaks.

--- Page 4 ---

Page 04 of 07
WORK ORDERS AND REQUESTS: Tenant shall report promptly to Owner items needing repair. All service or repairs, which fall within the
responsibility of Owner , shall be requested in writing using Owners maintenance request form, except for emergency repairs which should
be called in immediately to 208-884-3310. Maintenance requests will need to include Name, rental address, phone number and email address
for request to be promptly processed. Owner shall respond to an emergency maintenance request as soon as possible. Tenants agree to make
themselves available for entry and accommodation to get emergency repairs completed. For the purposes of the Agreement, emergency
maintenance is fire, flood, and uncontrollable water, backed up sewer, electrical problem endangering life, or smell of gas. Tenant is directed to
call 911 for emergencies causing immediate danger to life or property. Non-emergency requests will be scheduled and responded to within a
reasonable time period. If Tenant has not been contacted by a contractor within 3 days, Tenant agrees to contact Owner immediately in writing.
Tenant acknowledges that maintenance repairs are commonly contracted out and are not employees of Owner and agrees not to hold Owner
responsible if Tenant has not contacted Owner when contractor fails to communicate or does not keep committed appointment. Tenant agrees
to utilize Owner's Maintenance support page on www.jpmidaho.com (Tenant Services --> Maintenance Request)
to troubleshoot common problems prior to requesting any maintenance to be performed at the Premises.
Tenant hereby agrees, requests, and authorizes Owner to allow maintenance contractors and personnel to check out a key from Owner, or to
access on-site key box, to gain access to Premises to make necessary repairs during normal business hours.
SMOKE / CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS AND FIRE EXTINGUISHERS: Tenant agrees that smoke, carbon monoxide (CO) detectors (for
any unit with non-electric/fossil fuel appliance) have been provided. Owner does recommend that Tenant purchase their own UL Listed Fire
Extinguisher. If Tenant's Premises is equipped with an internal fire extinguisher, Tenant will be responsible to ensure it is in good working order,
that it is maintained and cared for in compliance with all manufacturer's recommended handling, use and certifications, and that Tenant
understands how to properly handle/work said extinguisher. Owner is not responsible for any internal fire extinguishers or the care, maintenance
or improper use of said extinguishers. Tenant agrees that all smoke and CO detectors are in working order, and henceforth Tenant agrees to: 1)
Maintain power to the Premises at all times, 2) Check the operation of the Smoke/CO detectors monthly, 3) Replace the Smoke/CO detector
batteries as needed in detectors that have replaceable batteries, but no less than once every six months, 4) Notify Owner immediately of any
problem, defect, malfunction or failure of the smoke and/or CO detectors, 5) Not tamper with the battery, the detector or any fire extinguisher, or
disable in any way which might cause the device to work improperly, 6) Reimburse Owner if detectors are damaged in any way. Tenant also
agrees that he/she/they will not tamper with or disable any exterior mounted fire extinguishers, and that if an exterior mounted extinguisher is
found to be disabled, tampered with or becomes missing, Tenant will immediately report the condition to the Owner. Only use appliances as
they are intended and report any malfunctioning appliance immediately if using fossil fuels (natural gas). If you suspect carbon monoxide
poisoning seek fresh air and medical attention immediately. Should Tenant ever be concerned about the function of smoke and CO detectors or
ever be concerned of gas or CO, Tenant is to call the gas company or 911, and notify Owner after doing so. Owner is not responsible for CO
poisoning or the proper operation/maintenance of said detectors and/or detection of CO gases. Tenant further agrees and acknowledges that it
is tenant's sole responsibility to maintain and detect CO in or around the Premises and to report to Owner any faulty detector or appliance
immediately, and/or the detection of CO gases.
ENTRY AND INSPECTION: Tenant shall permit Owner or Owner's agents to enter the premises at reasonable times and upon reasonable
notice for the purpose of making necessary or convenient repairs, or to show the premises to prospective tenants, purchasers, or mortgage
lenders or appraisers. Upon 24 hours verbal, electronic, or written notice to Tenant, Owner and Owner's agents shall have the right Monday
through Saturday from 9:00am to 8:00pm and Sunday from 1:00pm to 6:00pm to access the Premises to inspect, repair, and maintain the same
and/or to show the Premises to prospective tenants, buyers, contractors, insurance agents, and real-estate agents. In addition, Owner and
Owner's agents may enter the Premises at any time to investigate potential emergencies. Evidence of water leaks, fire, smoke, foul odors,
sounds indicating the possibility of an injured person or animal and other similar evidence of an emergency shall all be sufficient grounds for
Owner and Owner's agents to enter Premises and Property for this purpose. For each occasion where the access rights described above
are denied or needs to be rescheduled due to Tenant non-compliance, Tenant shall pay Owner the sum of fifty dollars ($50) as
liquidated damages; it being acknowledged that Owner shall be damaged by the denial of access, that Owner's actual damages are
hard to estimate, that fifty dollars ($50) is a reasonable pre-estimate and not a penalty.
Requested maintenance shall be considered authorization to enter the premises.
POSSESSION: If Owner is unable to deliver possession of the premises at the commencement hereof, Owner shall not be liable for any
damage caused thereby, including moving expenses, nor shall this agreement be void or voidable, but Tenant shall not be liable for any rent
until possession is delivered. Owner requires tenant to acquire tenant’s insurance during the term of this agreement. Tenant's insurance policy
should include proper coverage amounts to cover their personal property, food, and liability coverage for negligence or accidental damages of
tenants, guests, and invitees. Tenant's must include Johnson Property Management, LLC and 314 as additional insureds on tenant's insurance
policy.
SIGHT UNSEEN: Parties agree that Tenant was given the opportunity to view the Premises prior to signing the agreement. If Tenant declined to
do so and chose to rent the Premises sight unseen for their convenience, or solely used a 3D virtual tour, parties acknowledge that Tenant is
fully obligated to this Agreement should they not take occupancy of the Premises. Tenant does agree that any maintenance shall be done as
required by the Agreement and not at the preference or request of Tenant since Tenant agreed to take Premises sight unseen.

--- Page 5 ---

Page 05 of 07
DISCLOSURE: Tenant may from time to time authorize Owner to disclose information regarding this Agreement and the tenancy to
third-parties, including, but not limited to, future Landlords and mortgage lenders. Both parties agree that all disputes and complaints shall be
resolved privately and confidentially between Tenant and Owner, or individually through the courts or collections and further agrees to refrain
from making degrading or defamatory or any public statements orally or in writing about any other party and the representatives, partners, or
agents of the parties during, or any time after the term of this Agreement. Both parties agree that it would be impractical and extremely difficult
to ascertain the amount of actual damages caused by a failure to comply with this provision and liquidated damages of $1,000 shall be payable
upon demand for violation. This provision also encompasses posting on all social media, internet, rating based services, and electronically
distributed platforms.
DEFAULT: If Tenant shall fail to pay rent when due, or perform any term hereof, after not less than three (3) days written notice of such default
given in the manner required by law, the Owner, at his option, may terminate all rights of Tenant hereunder, unless Tenant, within said time,
shall cure such default. If Tenant abandons or vacates the property, while in default of the payment of rent, Owner may consider any property
left on the premises to be abandoned and may dispose of the same in any manner allowed by law. In the event the Owner reasonably believes
that such abandoned property has no value, it may be discarded. All property on the premises is hereby subject to a lien in favor of Owner for
the payment of all sums due hereunder, to the maximum extent allowed by law. Tenant will pay a $25.00 charge should it become necessary to
serve a violation notice or 3 day notice to vacate. In the event of a default by Tenant, Owner may elect to (a) continue the lease in effect and
enforce all his rights and remedies hereunder, including the right to recover the rent as it becomes due, or (b) at any time, terminate all of
Tenant's rights and recover from Tenant all damages he may incur by reason of the breach of the lease, including the cost of recovering the
premises, including the worth at the time of such termination, or at the time of an award if suit be instituted to enforce this provision, of the
amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term exceeds the amount of such rental loss which the tenant proves could be
reasonably avoided. A verified report of any illegal drug activity at the property shall be considered a Default of this agreement. Tenant shall
immediately move upon notice for this default. Trial by Jury. In any legal action taken to enforce and/or interpret the terms of this Lease and
the agreements herein, whether initiated by Lessor or Lessee, Lessee waives its right to a trial by jury.
INCARCERATION, DEATH OR INCAPACITY OF TENANT: In the event of the incarceration or death of the sole Tenant, this Agreement shall
terminate upon receipt of possession of property by appointed personal representative of tenant. Tenant hereby authorizes those persons
identified on their application to enter the Premises and remove Tenants personal property in a reasonable time frame. In the event of a death,
the Tenant's duly appointed Personal Representative (executor) shall also have such authority. In the event of the incarceration, death or
incapacity of a tenant as provided herein, the deposit shall then belong to any co-tenants listed on this agreement and the Owner shall have no
further responsibility to the tenant suffering the incarceration, death or incapacity. Provide, however, that in the event the co-tenants do not
continue the tenancy, the deposit shall be accounted for as provided herein and the person's emergency contact shall be named as a payee on
any check for refund of any portion of the deposit.
INDEMNIFICATION: Owner shall not be liable for any damage or injury to Tenant, or any other person, or to any property, occurring on the
premises or any part thereof or in common areas thereof, unless such damage is the proximate result of the negligence or unlawful act of
Owner, his agents, or his employees. Tenant agrees to hold Owner and his agents harmless from any claims for damages no matter how
caused, except for injury or damages for which Owner is legally responsible. Owner shall not be responsible for any of the Tenant's property lost
or stolen either from Tenants rented Premises or from any parking, storage, or common area in or about the Premises, and Tenant assumes all
responsibility for the security and safekeeping of any such property. Co-Signers agree to not be relieved of any liability herein until all
tenants have vacated the property and all remaining balances are paid.Co-signer understands that this will remain in force through
the entire term of the Tenant's tenancy, even if their tenancy is extended/or changed in its terms. Personal property owned by the Tenant
is not covered by the owner’s insurance and any loss will not be reimbursed by the Owner or his agents. Tenants insurance is required. A
minimum of one tenant per Rental Agreement is required to carry and maintain $100,000 of property damage liability (Tenant's) insurance. We
also highly recommend personal property coverage, and displacement coverage. You can either purchase Tenant's Insurance through our
integrated provider, LeaseTrack, for $14-$19 per month depending on coverage requested, or provide copies to LeaseTrack of your own private
Tenant's insurance. If you do neither of these within 10 days of key transfer, you will automatically be enrolled in a Master Policy that meets your
coverage requirement for $17 per month.
SECURITY: The security deposit set forth above, if any, shall secure the performance of Tenant's obligations hereunder. If Tenant opted for
Security Deposit Replacement Program, Tenant agrees to reimburse Owner for all costs stated below within seven (7) days of the physical
mailing and emailing of final Rental Account Statement. Tenant shall not have the right to apply the Security Deposit in payment of the last
month's rent. Cost of professionally cleaning carpets and window coverings will be billed to the Tenant's Rental Account when Tenant vacates.
Non-returned mailbox keys will incur a $60.00 fee. Regular door key copies are replaced at a cost of $15. Owner shall have the right to add
past due fees to Tenant's account balance, along with any non normal wear and tear damage, cleaning, legal expenses, costs of collection, loss
of personal property of Landlord included in this Rental Agreement, loss of rents, late/service fees, non-sufficient funds fees & applicable re-rent
services. Any balance of security deposit remaining upon termination shall be returned to Tenant.
EARLY DEPARTURE: If Tenant vacates prior to the 30th day (last calendar day) of the notice to vacate, Tenant may notify Landlord and
surrender all keys. Tenant understands that he/she/they are still responsible for rent and utilities until the final date of Agreement per proper and
accepted vacancy notice, and until the end of the current Agreement term. It shall be the Owner's responsibility to put forth reasonable effort to
prepare and re-rent the Premises.

--- Page 6 ---

Page 06 of 07
CLEANING: Tenant stipulates that the Premises were cleaned upon initial occupancy. Tenant shall clean and dust the Premises regularly, and
shall keep the Premises, particularly kitchen and bath, clean and sanitary and free from objectionable odors as determined by Owner. Tenant
shall not mark or deface the walls, woodwork, or any part of the Premises.
DEPOSIT REFUND: The balance of all deposits (minus a $100 nonrefundable portion of deposit retained by Johnson Property
Management, LLC in lieu of charging Application Fees) shall be refunded within 30 days of herein described termination date, together with
a statement showing any charges made against such deposits, or if the Tenant opted for Security Deposit Replacement Program a Final
Account Statement Billing will be produced and mailed and emailed within 30 days of transfer of possession of premises. Re-rent costs shall
be charged at a rate of $1,000 in cases of improper or early lease termination, in addition to advertising costs, liquidated damages, all
rent loss, etc. Both parties agree that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the amount of actual damages caused by
tenant terminating the rental agreement while the tenant is still inside a lease term, and liquidated damages of $1,000 shall be payable upon
demand for such violation. Any incentive time given at the onset of this agreement shall be back charged to Tenant for early termination. In the
event the Tenant moves out prior to the end of the Agreement, or is evicted due to a violation of this Agreement, Tenant agrees to reimburse
Owner for all costs incurred as a result of such breach. These costs may include, but are not limited to, attorney's fees, lost rents,
reimbursement of any move-in credits to replacement Tenant, damages, cleaning, costs of collection, loss of personal property of Owner
included in this Agreement, service fees, non-sufficient fund fees, Tenant caused billing, pest control, change of locks if keys issued are not
returned or if Tenant provides an unauthorized person with any key to the Premises, and re-rent charge as specified above. Should Owner
change management or sell the Premises, Tenant authorizes Owner to transfer any deposits or other Tenant related funds to new authorized
agent or management, less any fees owed to Owner as described within this Agreement and hold Owner harmless from that assignment date
and forward.
NOISE AND NUISANCE:QUIET HOURS COMMENCE AT 10:00PM AND CONTINUE UNTIL 7:00AM Tenant, guests, or other persons under
Tenant's control shall not play upon or allow to be played any musical instrument, or operate any amplified sound system on the Premises
between the hours of 10:00pm and 7:00am. No radio or sound system shall be operated in the Premises except at a low sound level where bass
and sound cannot be heard. The use of fireworks, firecrackers and any type of firearms in or around the Premises is strictly prohibited. In
multi-family buildings, loud noises will carry from one unit to another. If Tenant plays musical instruments, radios, or televisions loudly enough
to disturb neighbors, this shall be deemed a violation of this Agreement. Multi-unit Tenants agree to refrain from using noisy appliances, such as
washer and dryer, and vacuums during quiet hours. Tenants agree to first attempt to resolve noise disturbances between themselves. If
disturbances and or nuisances continue, Tenants agree to notify the local authorities and file a report for said action and forward a copy of the
police report to the Owner within 5 days.
CRIME AND DRUG FREE HOUSING: Tenant, any member of the Tenant's household, or a guest or other person under the Tenant's control
shall not engage in criminal activity, including drug-related activity, on or near Premises, nor allow such activity to take place within or near the
Premises, regardless if the individual is a member of the household or guest. Drug-related criminal activity means the illegal manufacture, sale,
distribution, use, or possession with intent to manufacture, sell, distribute, or use, of a controlled substance. Tenant will not engage in acts of
violence or threats of violence, including, but not limited to, the unlawful discharge of firearms, on or near the premises. Violation of the above
provisions shall be a material violation of the Agreement and good cause for termination of tenancy.
BALCONIES/PATIOS/ENTRYWAYS: Patios, terraces, balconies, and outside stairwells are designed for additional space and not for storage.
Storing or displaying on patios, outside stairwells, and balconies of boxes, bicycles, refuse, clothing, towels, and other belongings, which are not
patio furniture, is prohibited and may be removed or disposed of immediately by Owner. Patios, balconies, outside stairwells, and windows are
not to be used for drying clothes or suspending other objects. Refuse, garbage and trash shall be kept at all times in such containers and in
areas approved by Owner. A BBQ grill may be stored or used on the patio or balcony only with the express understanding that the Tenant is
solely liable for any damage resulting from such storage or use. Tenant understands that the BBQ grill must be used at a distance no closer
than ten (10) feet from the siding and that Tenant will be held liable for any damage as the result of such storage or use. Tenant agrees to
comply with national fire code regarding use of BBQ grills.
TENANTS POSSESSIONS: In the event that the Tenant leaves any of the Tenant's personal property or possessions within or upon the
Premises at the conclusion of the term hereof, or in the event of an abandonment of the Premises by the Tenant, Owner may enter into and take
possession of Tenant's personal property left within or upon the Premises and store said personal property of apparent value for 30 days at
Tenant's expense. Owner will not store and shall immediately dispose of perishables and apparent trash with no significant ($50 or less)
monetary value. Costs of removal of non-valuable items left at property will be charged to Tenant.

--- Page 7 ---

Page 07 of 07
NORMAL WEAR AND TEAR DEFINED: According to Idaho State Law, Normal Wear and Tear means the deterioration that occurs based
upon the use for which the rental unit is intended and without negligence, carelessness, accident, misuse, or abuse of the Premises or contents
by Tenant, their family, or their guests. For the purposes of this agreement, Owner DOES NOT consider the following items as normal wear and
tear: Mollies/anchors/screws installed in walls, more than 3 nail holes per wall, professional carpet cleaning, extreme traffic wear of carpet, torn,
burned, or stained carpet, pet deodorizer, general cleaning, blind cleaning/repair/replacement, window cleaning, replacement of expired light
bulbs, replacement of smoke detector batteries, repainting due to smoke/candle damage, broken toilet tanks, replacement of furnace filters,
replacement of used drip pans, or ripped or marked wallpaper
ATTORNEYS FEES: In any legal action brought by either party to enforce the terms hereof or relating to the demised premises, the prevailing
party shall be entitled to all costs incurred in connection with such action, including a reasonable attorney's fee but not more than $1,500.00.
Collection agency fees up to 50% will be added to any amount so submitted upon termination.
WAIVER: No Owner failure to enforce any term hereof shall be deemed a waiver, nor shall any acceptance of partial rent payment be deemed a
waiver of Owner's right to the full amount thereof.
SEVERABILITY: If any provision hereof shall be held by any court to be unlawful, all of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and affect.
NOTICES: Any notice which either party may or is required to give, may be given by mailing the same, postage prepaid, to Tenant at the
premises or to Owner at the address shown below or at such other places as may be designated by the parties from time to time. The Owner
reserves the right to make changes to any parameter of this lease with a 30 day written notice. Including but not limited to termination of lease
due to sale of property or projected sale of the property.
TIME: Time is of the essence of this agreement.
AGREEMENT VIOLATION: Any violation of the terms of this agreement will result in a $30 rental agreement violation fee. Multiple (2) rental
agreement violations or late payments gives the Owner an option to terminate the term of this agreement with a 30 day notice.
HOLDING OVER: Any holding over after expiration hereof, with the consent of Owner, shall be construed as a month-to-month tenancy in
accordance with the terms hereof, as applicable, until either party shall terminate the same by giving the other party 30 days calendar month
written notice delivered by certified mail to the post office box listed at the bottom of this agreement, or in person at our office. Emailed 30 day
notices or notices placed in our drop box are not accepted as proper termination notice. Tenants must use our 30 day notice to vacate form on
our website. They are also available for pickup at our office. Each signing party on the rental agreement must sign or submit the 30 day notice
form. HOLDOVER WITH PENALTY: If Tenant holdovers (extends) beyond the end of the Agreement term or after proper 30-days notice to
vacate has been given, or beyond a different move-out date agreed to by the parties in writing, and Landlord does not authorize the holdover,
rent for the holdover period shall be increased by $25 per day or 25% of the then-existing rental, whichever is greater. Holdover rents shall be
due in advance and delinquent without notice or demand. Additionally, Tenant will be held responsible for the reimbursement all advertising
expenses incurred by Landlord to secure a replacement Tenant, which was negated by the current Tenant’s unauthorized holdover.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT: The foregoing constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and may be modified only by a writing signed by the
Owner. No verbal agreements are made or honored. The following exhibits, if any, have been made a part of this agreement before the parties’
78e82864d303 8/24/2023 3:06:31 PM
execution hereof: Inspection Form, Utility Permission Form, Rental Agreement Overview, Lead Paint Disclosure, Co-signer Agreement, Lead
Challis Sanders
Paint Pamphlet, Television and Internet Permission Guidelines, Filter Addendum, Security Deposit Waiver Addendum, CAM Addendum,
Credhub Addendum and the Parking Addendum.
info@jpmidaho.com Local
ADDITIONAL EXHIBITS: __none_.
Tenant(s) (and Cosigner) Signatures:
Johnson Property Management,LLC
8/22/2023 1:42:19 PM
www.jpmidaho.com info@jpmidaho.com
Ailene Martinez
Mail: PO Box 1023 Meridian, ID 83680
750 S Progress Ave #110, Meridian, ID 83642
(208) 884-3310 FAX (208) 884-1726

--- Page 8 ---

Johnson Property Management LLC: Rental Agreement Overview
 Rent is due on the 1st calendar day of each month. Rent payments must be made electronically through your tenant web access
account, or at an approved CashPay location. ACH (electronic check) payments are free through your tenant web access account.
 Call the office if your rent will not be received by the 5th of the month. Don't forget the $50.00 late fee if your payment is after the 5th.
Late fees are recorded and collected. For every two late rent payments in a twelve (12) month period, rent will automatically be raised
by $50.00 permanently.
 Call to transfer your required utilities into your name as of the start date of the rental agreement. If you do not, you may find your
services turned off and/or a $30 administrative charge may be applied for each forwarded bill.
 Unless noted and approved with an active profile on petscreening.com, or other approved alternative, properties are not "dog or cat"
friendly. An unauthorized household pet will result in a $1,000 fee.
 There should be a carbon monoxide detector installed in rental properties that use natural gas, at all times. If carbon monoxide
detector(s) are present at the property upon rent up, please ensure they are regularly tested and working. Please notify JPM for
assistance with CO alarms. DO NOT remove, take down, or deactivate smoke/CO alarms in the properties
 A minimum of one tenant per Rental Agreement is required to carry and maintain $100,000 of property damage liability insurance. The
resident is responsible for damages caused by the resident or the resident’s guests or pets or animals. We are excited to let you know
that we have partnered with LeaseTrack to manage all your renter's insurance requirements. This helps protect you in the event of a
covered loss or catastrophe.To purchase a policy, please sign into your Tenant Web Access portal, or call LeaseTrack at (800)
945-5990. Be aware that there cannot be a BBQ closer than 10 feet from the building.
 Use your tenant web access account or email our office with appropriate maintenance issues. We generally resolve these issues in one
or two business days but are allowed a reasonable time. Per the rental agreement, request for maintenance is considered permission to
enter your property. Property owners cannot pay for tenant responsible issues such as tenant-clogged pipes & drains, disposal jams,
burned out light bulbs, replacing furnace filters, replacing smoke detector batteries, etc. These issues will need to be resolved by
tenants at tenants cost.
 After hours, weekend, and holiday emergency maintenance may be called in to our 24/7 maintenance center at 208-884-3310.
 Often times, the majority of mildew and mold is a housekeeping issue. Be sure to wipe down baths, showers, window ledges and
potentially closet walls if you see moisture or condensation collecting. Many home stores have products that eliminate mildew and
mold. If you see water leaks in your property (under sinks, around water heaters, around toilets, etc.) please contact us as soon as
possible.
 Change your furnace filter regularly. Good airflow is important, but no filter at all will soon be a disaster. A clogged filter can eventually
damage the heating & cooling unit, which you may be responsible for. When you receive your new air filters through Second Nature,
please install them immediately. Please ask us if we need to show you where your air filter is. Do not run your AC in cool temperatures
(generally below 70 degrees), it may freeze or damage the compressor.
 Most properties have limited parking. Unregistered, inoperative or unclaimed vehicles will be towed at owner’s expense. Vehicles must
have license plates, current registration, properly inflated tires, etc.
 If a rental property includes grounds then the tenant is responsible for maintaining the grounds by mowing, pulling weeds, watering
appropriately, understanding and maintaining sprinkler system, etc. Replacing a non-maintained yard space can be expensive. Please
ask us if we need to show you where your sprinkler clock or irrigation supply line is.
 If mailbox keys were supplied at time of rent-up, they do need to be returned at time of move-out. If supplied mailbox keys are not
returned a $60 charge per key will be assessed. Regular door keys will be replaced at a cost of $15, regardless of how many are
missing. Keys must be returned by vacancy date.
 Housing built before 1978 may contain lead-based paint, which may pose health hazards especially to young children and pregnant
women. Lessor has no knowledge or records of lead based paint and/or lead based paint hazards in the housing. Please view the EPA
lead based paint brochure located at https://jpmidaho.com/lead
 All rental agreements are written so that your move-out notice must be given on or before the 1st day of any month and effective for the
last day of that month. You can move during the month but the rent and the utilities must be paid for the entire month. Remember that
your rental agreement prohibits you from giving termination notice for the months of November and December (meaning that you
cannot give a 30 day notice that would result in a vacancy on Dec. 1st, Jan. 1st, or during the months of November or December).
 The minimum lease time requirement is binding. If the minimum time requirement is not followed the tenant agrees to pay the landlord
for the lost rent, for the costs of re-renting the property, etc. Minimum time requirements may vary as specified in your rental
agreement.
 We do not conduct move out inspections with outgoing tenants. To assist your move we have move-out information on our website.
Deposit statements are sent out within four weeks from when your responsibility to the property ends per the rental agreement.
I have reviewed the above information, understand and agree with the content.
Am
Am

--- Page 9 ---

Johnson Property Management, LLC
PO BOX 1023
Meridian, ID 83680
info@jpmidaho.com 208-884-3310
Rental Agreement Required
Liability Only or Tenant's Protection Insurance
8/22/2023
Ailene Martinez
824 17th Ave S #7
Nampa, ID 83651
A minimum of one tenant per Rental Agreement is required to carry and maintain $100,000 of property damage liability insurance. The
resident is responsible for damages caused by the resident or the resident’s guests or pets or animals. We are excited to let you know that
we have partnered with LeaseTrack to manage all your renter's insurance requirements. This helps protect you in the event of a covered
loss or catastrophe. To satisfy this requirement, please choose from one of the options outlined below. Once you have chosen, to simplify
please visit https://leasetrack.ai/renters/ or click here
1. We have a preferred relationship with LeaseTrack, which provides residents with special pricing and excellent coverage. To purchase
a policy, please sign into your Tenant Web Access portal, or call LeaseTrack at (800) 945-5990.
2. A personal renter’s insurance policy (HO4). You will need to either forward this form to your Insurance Agent to update your
policy, or login to your insurance portal and update the policy yourself. You may choose to work with your own provider for your
insurance requirement. If you choose this option, your policy and proof of insurance must include:
Your property must be listed as an "Additional Interest" exactly as shown on LeaseTrack submission form: Please note your listed property
may NOT exactly match your rental address, which is correct due to software limitations.
Once obtained, we must validate your policy. Please submit your proof of insurance through your Tenant Web Access, email it to
insurance@LeaseTrack.ai or contact Johnson Property Mgmt, LLC for assistance.
3. The property manager's Master Policy Program (MPP) program through the payment of $17.00 of additional rent, in accordance with
the terms of your residential rental agreement.
• MPP is designed to fulfill the insurance requirement of the Rental Agreement. Landlord is the Insured under the MPP. This is single interest
force placed insurance. Resident is not an Insured, Additional Insured or beneficiary under the MPP. All loss payments are made to the
Landlord. MPP coverage is NOT personal liability insurance or renter’s insurance.
• In the event that loss or damage to Landlord’s property exceeds the amount of Required Insurance, Resident shall remain contractually
liable to Landlord for such amount. In the event of liability to any other party for bodily injury or property damage, Resident shall remain liable
to such other party.
If you fail to provide proof of the required coverage prior to the commencement of your lease, or within 10 days of receipt of a Lease
Renewal document your unit will be automatically placed in the Liability Only Program and you will be charged an additional rent of $17.00
per month. If the required coverage should be canceled or lapse for any reason, Johnson Property Mgmt, LLC reserves the right to place
your unit in the MPP and charge you an additional rent of $17.00 per month.
ALL RESIDENTS SHOULD CONSULT AN INSURANCE PROFESSIONAL TO EVALUATE AND DETERMINE PERSONAL
INSURANCE NEEDS.
By initialing below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this entire Addendum and agree to
Am be legally bound hereby.

--- Page 10 ---

Johnson Property Management LLC
Disclosure of Information on Lead-Based Paint
and/or Lead-Based Paint Hazards
8/22/2023
Ailene Martinez
824 17th Ave S #7
Nampa, ID 83651
Lead Warning Statement
Housing build before 1978 may contain lead-based paint. Lead from paint, paint chips, and dust can pose health hazards if not
managed properly. Lead exposure is especially harmful to young children and pregnant women. Before renting pre-1978 housing,
landlords must disclose the presence of known lead-based paint and /or lead-based paint hazards in the dwelling. Tenants must
also receive a federally approved pamphlet on lead poisoning prevention.
Landlord’s Disclosure
Presence of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards (check one below):
_____ Known lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards are present in the housing (explain)
__X__ Landlord has no knowledge of lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards in the housing.
Records and reports available to the landlord (check one below):
_____ Landlord has provided the tenant with all available records and reports pertaining to lead-based paint and/or lead-based
paint hazards in the housing (list documents below).
__X__ Landlord has no reports or records pertaining to lead-based paint and/or lead-based paint hazards in the housing.
Tenant’s Acknowledgment
Tenant has received copies of all information listed above.
Tenant has received the pamphlet “Protect Your Family From Lead in Your Home”.
 Which is available at www.jpmidaho.com/lead
Agent’s Acknowledgment
__X__ Agent has informed the tenant of the tenant’s obligations under 42 USC 4852(d) and is aware of his/her responsibility to
ensure compliance.
Certification of Accuracy
The following parties have reviewed the information above and certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the information they
have provided is true and accurate.
8/24/2023 3:06:32 PM
Challis Sanders
I have reviewed the above information, understand and agree with the content.
Tenant(s) (and Cosigner) Signatures:
8/22/2023 1:43:25 PM
Ailene Martinez
Landlord Signature:

--- Page 11 ---

8/22/2023
Ailene Martinez
824 17th Ave S #7
Nampa, ID 83651
 The property owner and management reserves the right to remove any satellite dish at any time.
 Satellite dishes may not be mounted on the building, roof, trim, etc and not visible from the building front.
 Tripods or poles may not be placed in common areas.
 Tenant agrees to pay all charges associated with removing/restoring improperly installed satellite dishes.
 Any existing satellite dish need to be noted on the 'Move in Inspection Form' to avoid a deposit charge for removal.
In ground cable service is allowed and approved at the rental property. Installer need to place emphasis on hiding all cabling, and causing
minimum impact to the building structure. Property damage caused by the installed will be charged to the tenant.DSL Internet / Phone service
is allowed and approved at the rental property. Only existing telephone jacks and wiring in property will be maintained. Tenants in need of
additional outlets (phone, DSL, Fax) in property agree to pay for the installation of additional jacks, upgraded wiring, etc.
If access or instructions are needed for yourself or the provider it will need to be called into our maintenance department 1-2 business days in
advance and is treated like a normal work order.
I have reviewed the above information, understand and agree with the content.
Tenant(s) (and Cosigner) Initials:
Am

--- Page 12 ---

I have reviewed the above information, understand and agree with the content.
Tenant(s) (and Cosigner) Initials:

--- Page 13 ---

Johnson Property Management LLC: Pest Control Addendum
8/22/2023
Ailene Martinez
824 17th Ave S #7
Nampa, ID 83651
We are pleased to announce that Johnson Property Management, LLC now covers professional pest control as an
amenity to your rental property. You will receive high-quality pest control services for normal area pests as part of your
monthly amenity package. It will be easier for you to fulfill your obligation to control normal area pests per your rental
agreement.
Tenants agree to contact us with pest control issues at: https://jpmgt.twa.rentmanager.com/, or call 208-884-3310
extension 103 to request service.
Normal area pests such as spiders, ants, mites, ticks, fleas, hornets, wasps, yellow jackets, box elders, carpet beetles
etc.. will be covered as part of this service. (exterior pests such as household flies, mosquitos, vols and gophers are also
included).
Tenant's understand that included pest coverage offers service on an "as-needed" basis, which may include a request for
a photo documentation emailed into our office. Reoccurring periodic service is not included in the Amenity Package, but
may be purchased by the tenant at any time from a private provider at their expense.
I have reviewed the above information, understand and agree with the content.
Tenant(s) (and Cosigner) Initials:
Am

--- Page 14 ---

Page 01 of 02.
Johnson Property Management LLC: Credhub Addendum
8/22/2023
Ailene Martinez
824 17th Ave S #7
Nampa, ID 83651
Get Credit for your most substantial payment, your Rent!
RentCred, powered by CredHub allows resident to get credit for their on-time rental payments.
Johnson Property Management, LLC utilizes CredHub, a credit Data Analytics and Credit Bureau Reporting Company to provide payment data
to TransUnion and Equifax on a monthly basis. The RentCred program by CredHub reports your rental payments to Trans Union and Equifax.
“Getting credit where credit is due” getting credit for your most substantial payment can increase your credit score 20 – 70 points saving you
$1000’s of dollars down the road. This service is available to all of our residents and can be used to help build a positive credit score increasing
your credit score 20 – 70 points.
We do the work and you reap the benefits! Johnson Property Management, LLC will report your rental payment history on a monthly basis
during the term of your lease. CredHub will in turn transmit this history to two of the major credit bureaus: TransUnion, Equifax (the “Credit
Bureaus”).
The benefits of using RentCred:
- Improve your credit score quickly
- Positively increase your buying power
- Gain better interest rates
- Have portable rental history
- Establish yourself in the credit world
While using RentCred, when you meet your lease payment obligations, your information will be reported to the Credit Bureaus and will help you
in building a positive credit history. If you do not meet your rental payment obligations, as per your lease contract agreement, the late or
unfavorable fact will be reported to CredHub and thereafter to the Credit Bureaus. This will also impact your credit and can affect your credit
score. Positively impact your future! It’s important to make sure that you are meeting your lease payment obligations on a monthly basis and
throughout the term of your lease agreement. Reporting on-time rental payments can positively impact your credit score by up to 70 points.
Some results may be reflected in 7-10 days. Building a good credit history is important should you apply for credit in the future, such as to
purchase a home or car. CredHub – RentCred is the key to opening up that future.
We’re excited to bring this amenity to all our residents!
CREDHUB specializes as a third party processor in reporting information to the major credit bureaus, TransUnion and Equifax on behalf of its
customers who have contracted with CREDHUB to provide such services.

--- Page 15 ---

Page 02 of 02.
Addendum: Obligations and Commitments.
This is an addendum to the Lease Contract executed by you, the resident(s) on the dwelling you have agreed to rent. That dwelling is:
Tenants: Ailene Martinez
Address: 824 17th Ave S #7 83651 Nampa, ID.
Furnisher agrees and covenants as follows:
Furnisher will provide CREDHUB with accurate (to the best of the Furnishers ability) information from its records for each lease concerning its
Residents at least on a monthly basis.
CREDHUB’s Obligations and Commitments:
CREDHUB agrees that it will use all reasonable efforts to accurately process and incorporate the reported Information into the “Rental 1” or
Metro 2 format to supply to the Credit Bureaus. CREDHUB will have complete discretion as to when and what data provided by Furnisher is
included and maintained in the Rental1 or Metro 2 format. CREDHUB on behalf of itself and its respective successors, assigns, principals,
agents, officers, managers, directors and anyone claiming by or through it, hereby agrees to hold Furnisher and its respective members,
managers, officers, directors, affiliates, successors, assigns, employees, attorneys heirs, representatives and agents, harmless from and
against any and all claims, rights, actions, causes of action, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees,
arising from or related to CREDHUB’s own negligence or intentional misconduct.
Notices
All notices required in this Agreement must be made in writing and shall be sent via national overnight courier for next day delivery directed as
set forth below, or at such other address as a party may specify by written notice to the other.
If to CREDHUB: Trade Line Credit Solutions, LLC
DBA CredHub
707 S. Grady Way, Suite 600
Renton, WA 98057
I have reviewed the above information, understand and agree with the content.
Tenant(s) (and Cosigner) Initials:
Am
Am

--- Page 16 ---

Johnson Property Management, LLC
PO BOX 1023
Meridian, ID 83680
info@jpmidaho.com 208-884-3310
Zero Deposit Program Rental Agreement Addendum
8/22/2023
Current Resident(s): Address:
Ailene Martinez 824 17th Ave S #7
Johnson Property Management, LLC is pleased to offer residents with this program as an alternative to
paying traditional security deposits for rental properties. Benefit to residents include:
1) Reduced move-in costs in exchange for a small monthly fee.
2) Resident's money is available to be used elsewhere.
3) Only pay what is owed at lease-end instead of having money locked up for entire lease term.
( X ) I/We agree to pay $45.00 monthly in lieu of making an up-front security deposit.
( ) I/We would like to make the traditional security deposit required by Owner.
In lieu of the security deposit, Owner offers to waive the one-time security deposit in exchange for the payment of the
monthly service charge indicated above for the full duration of the Rental Agreement. In the event the Property
Management contract between Owner and Agent is terminated, the monthly service charge referenced herein will cease
and the Property Owner may require that you pay a traditional security deposit. If Tenant(s) choose to pay the Zero
Deposit Program monthly cost in lieu of the advertised property deposit, Tenant(s) agree and understand the following:
1. The monthly amount paid does NOT accumulate or IS NOT in any way considered or related to a security deposit.
2. Tenant(s) understand that the monthly amount paid is a convenience service that allows them to move their costs
from the front of the tenancy to the end of the tenancy, and will need to pay non-normal wear move out costs upon
vacancy.
3. Tenant(s) understands that carpets will be professionally cleaned upon Rental Agreement Termination and charged
to Tenant's rental account.
4. Tenant(s) understands that other than carpet cleaning, property MUST be left in move-in ready rental condition as
decided by Agent. Move-in condition means equal to the condition of the property at time of Key Transfer, normal
wear and tear accepted.
5. Tenant(s) understand that if property is not left in move-in ready condition, all non-normal wear & tear costs
associated with making it equal to move-in ready condition will be charged to Tenant's rental account, examples of
which include general cleaning, flooring repair or replacement, wall repair and painting in excess of normal wear and
tear, key or lock replacement, non working light bulb replacement, dirty furnace filter replacement, general repair in
excess of normal wear and tear, landscaping cleanup, hauling of abandoned property, in addition to any unpaid rent,
charges, or fees left unpaid on Tenant's Account.
6. Tenant(s) understand that within 30 days of the Termination of Rental Agreement, a Final Account Statement will be
produced and emailed and physically mailed to the Tenant's forward address if one is provided.
7. Tenant(s) understand that within 7 days of the sending of the emailed and mailed Final Account Statement,
Tenant MUST pay amount owed on Final Account Statement. If full account balance is not paid, account
will be assigned to a professional debt collection agency.
Am
Am