Filename: Rhino TA Exp. 9-28-23.pdf
Method: pdfplumber
Pages: 6
Extracted: 2025-10-29T11:34:26.435942
============================================================


--- Page 1 ---

TENANT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AGREEMENT
THE SURETY PROGRAM DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS FOR THE BENEFIT OF YOUR LANDLORD
ONLY. IT DOES NOT COVER YOU. THE PREMIUM, TAXES AND FEES YOU PAY ARE NOT A SECURITY
DEPOSIT AND WILL NOT BE REFUNDED TO YOU. SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE PROGRAM, IF THE
INSURER PAYS A CLAIM TO THE LANDLORD, YOU MUST REIMBURSE THE INSURER FOR THE FULL
AMOUNT OF THE CLAIM.
THIS PROGRAM IS OPTIONAL. YOU MAY MAKE A CASH SECURITY DEPOSIT INSTEAD.
Agreement Number CD91-082190-00
Landlord Name Specialized Property Management Inc. (“Landlord”)
Address 1036 Mckavett Drive, Fort Worth, TX, 76140, United States
Insurer Clear Blue Specialty Insurance Company (“Insurer”)
LEASE
Rental Unit # N/A
Effective Date 09/29/2022 (“Effective Date”)
Lease Start Date 09/29/2022
Lease End Date Per Lease Agreement
Monthly Rent $1,765.00
Coverage Start Date 09/30/2022
Coverage End Date 09/28/2023 (or move-out date, whichever is earlier)
Coverage Amount $2,997.50
Non-refundable Premium $943.56 (“Premium”)
Surplus Lines Tax and Stamping $44.29
Fees (if applicable)
TENANT(S)
Tenant First Name Last Name
1 Kirk McGee
This Tenant Enrollment and Acknowledgment Agreement (the “Tenant Acknowledgement Agreement” or
“Agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the Insurer, upon application by the Tenant(s)
named above (“Tenant, “I,” “me,” ”my,” “you,” or “your”), has agreed to enroll you for coverage under a master
Landlord Rental Reimbursement Policy (the “Policy”) issued to the Landlord named above in lieu of a cash
Security Deposit. The Policy is placed through Rhino New York LLC (Rhino Insurance Agency in California)
(“Rhino”), a surplus line broker granted limited binding authority by the Insurer. This Agreement sets forth
certain obligations of Tenant, Insurer, and Rhino. This Agreement is deemed to be incorporated into the
Policy, and the Policy sets forth further obligations of the Landlord, the Tenant, and the Insurer. You may
review a copy of the Policy by contacting Rhino using the Contact Information contained in section B.9. of this
Agreement. All terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning given to them in theP olicy. In the event of
any inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Policy (disregarding for this
purpose the incorporation of this Agreement into the Policy), the terms of the Policy shall control.
This Agreement is made and entered into on the Effective Date stated above. This Agreement applies solely to
the Rental Property identified above and corresponding Lease Agreement you entered into with the Landlord.
Section B.6. of this Agreement requires that certain Disputes are to be resolved individually in arbitration
or small claims court. Disputes in arbitration and small claims court are resolved without a jury trial and
with less discovery and less appellate review than in court.
On the basis of the acknowledgements and agreements contained herein, and your payment of Premium, the
Landlord has been insured by the Insurer pursuant to the Policy and an endorsement for your Rental Property
(each, an “Endorsement”) has been issued to it. You also hereby agree to pay surplus lines premium tax and
stamping fees, as applicable (“Surplus Lines Tax and Stamping Fees”).
A. ENROLLMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
CULRR-NATL-TAG (09-21) Page 1 of 6

--- Page 2 ---

By affixing my signature below, I intend to be legally bound and I understand and expressly and voluntarily
acknowledge and agree to each of the following statements, terms and conditions:
1. The issuance of a Policy to the Landlord and my enrollment of the Rental Property under this Agreement is
not insurance for my benefit nor is it renters insurance of any kind intended to cover losses to my personal
property.
2. As between the Landlord and me, the Insurer and Rhino are neutral parties. Neither the Insurer nor Rhino
has any right or duty to defend, or provide for or participate in the defense of, any dispute or controversy
brought against me by the Landlord or by the Landlord against me.
3. I am enrolling the Rental Property under this Agreement, and committing to perform my obligations
hereunder including the payment of Premium described below, so that the Insurer will issue an
Endorsement in favor of the Landlord scheduling the Rental Property under the Policy for the benefit of the
Landlord.
4. The opportunity to enroll the Rental Property was not mandatory, nor was it represented by anyone to me to
be mandatory. It was offered in lieu of my posting a cash Security Deposit to the Landlord.
5. The payment of Premium under this Agreement is not a Security Deposit, and is not insurance for my
benefit. I will not receive the Premium payment back at the end of the Lease Agreement term.
6. The issuance of a Policy to the Landlord and my enrollment of the Rental Property under this Agreement:
6.1. will not under any circumstance relieve me of my obligation to pay rent for the Rental Property or of any
other obligation under the Lease Agreement;
6.2. will not add the Insurer, Rhino, or any person acting on either the Insurer’s or Rhino’s behalf, as a
guarantor or co-signer for me on my Lease Agreement between me and my Landlord; and
6.3. will not protect me from, or prevent, an eviction if I do not pay my rent or comply with any other
obligations under the Lease Agreement;
6.4. will not provide any coverage for my benefit nor for any loss to my personal
property.
7. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing contained herein is intended to confer upon me or
any third persons (other than the Landlord) any rights, benefits, coverage, standing, capacity or remedies
under, or in respect of, or pursuant to the Policy, and nothing in this Agreement is intended to relieve or
discharge me or any third persons of obligations or liability due or owing to the Landlord or the Insurer, nor
shall the enrollment of my Rental Property and my participation, agreement and acknowledgement under this
Agreement confer any standing or capacity to me under or in respect of the Policy.
8. The failure on my part to pay money that I owe to the Insurer as a result of my obligations under this
Agreement (including, specifically, pursuant to Section B.4.) may result in: (a) my credit being adversely
impacted; (b) it being difficult for me to rent other property(ies); and (c) leading to higher insurance premiums
generally when I look to secure other insurance of any kind.
9. In connection with the issuance of a Policy to the Landlord, the Insurer will review my credit
report or obtain or use a credit-based insurance score based on information contained in that
report. An insurance score uses information from a consumer’s credit report to help predict
how likely that person will cause claims and how expensive those claims will be. Typical items
from a credit report that could affect a score include, but are not limited to, the following:
payment history, number of revolving accounts, number of new accounts, the presence of
collection accounts, bankruptcies and foreclosures. The information used to develop the
insurance score comes from Equifax.
10. Rhino is not my agent nor my representative and it is not acting on my behalf.R hino is a surplus line broker
and for certain limited purposes acts under authority granted to it by the Insurer. Any assistance or guidance
afforded to me by Rhino was done solely to facilitate the placement of the Policy with the Insurer, and to
assist in the enrollment of the Rental Property under the Policy.
CULRR-NATL-TAG (09-21) Page 2 of 6

--- Page 3 ---

11. By signing this Agreement, I hereby: (a) authorize Rhino to charge me a one-time charge, or recurring
automatic charges, in accordance with this Agreement from the credit card, debit card, checking account, or
savings account that I have specified to Rhino; (b) acknowledge that this authorization will remain in effect
until this Agreement is terminated or this authorization is revoked; (c) acknowledge that I can revoke this
authorization by calling Rhino at (844) 844-3188 or mailing Rhino at 99 Wall St #1504, New York, NY
10005; (d) acknowledge that I can stop payment on a specific automatic withdrawal, without having to revoke
this consent, by calling or mailing Rhino at the number or address noted above no less than three (3)
business days before the automatic withdrawal date; and (e) acknowledge that if I fail to make payment after
revoking this authorization or stopping payment, my monthly Premium payment or monthly Surplus Lines
Tax and Stamping Fees payment, if applicable, may become past due.
B. TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT
1. Obligation to Pay Premium and Surplus Lines Tax and Stamping Fees, if applicable. .
1.1. By enrolling the Rental Property in this Agreement and making an initial payment, partial or otherwise,
of the Premium, the Insurer will issue an Endorsement to the Policy for the benefit of the Landlord and
the Landlord will be indemnifiable for Damages, Loss of Rent Expenses, and Fees up to the
Coverage Amount set forth above through the end of my Lease.
1.2. I understand and expressly and voluntarily acknowledge and agree:
1.2.1. The payment of Premium and the payment of the Surplus Lines Tax and Stamping Fees, if
any, may either be paid in equal monthly installments through the Lease End Date or paid in full
up front.
1.2.2. If paid monthly, the obligation to pay the full amount of Premium through the Lease End Date will
extend to such date, unless the Lease Agreement is terminated earlier by agreement with the
Landlord. In such case, if terminated earlier, the Premium will be pro-rated.
1.2.3. The payment of Premium is a non-refundable payment and that I will not receive or be due any
Premium or part thereof back at the end of my Lease Agreement, including if the Lease
Agreement is terminated prior to the Lease End Date for any reason.
1.2.4. The payment of Premium is not under any circumstances a payment of any kind to the Landlord,
nor shall it be considered a payment of rent or consideration of any kind to the Landlord. No
compensation of any kind from the Insurer, its agent, representative or designee, or the Tenant,
shall be due to the Landlord with respect to the payment of Premium.
1.2.5. I may cancel the enrollment of the Rental Property identified in this Agreement for a full refund
by notice provided to the Insurer within fourteen (14) calendar days of the Effective Date,
provided that such notice of cancellation is submitted in writing to the Landlord, and provided that
my Landlord acknowledges the cancellation in writing.
1.2.6. I may view a copy of the Policy by contacting Rhino at (844) 844-3188 or mailing a written
request to Rhino at 99 Wall St #1504, New York, NY 10005.
1.2.7. If I renew or extend my Lease with the Landlord, the Endorsement issued to the Landlord will
automatically renew and the payment of Premium, as authorized in Section A.11., will continue. If
I choose not to accept the Endorsement renewal offer, and I fail to provide alternative security
acceptable to the Landlord, with the Landlord’s acknowledgement of receipt, I understand the
Insurer will be liable for providing a Coverage Amount not to exceed one (1) month’s rent, or
other applicable amount subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in the Policy. I
will be required to reimburse the Insurer for any claim the Insurer pays to the Landlord.
2. Description of Policy coverage . The Policy is issued to the Landlord solely for its benefit and provides
reimbursement coverage exclusively to the Landlord pursuant to the terms, conditions and limitations set
forth in the Policy, for certain physical damage, loss and costs incurred by theL andlord with respect to the
Rental Property (beyond normal wear and tear) (“Damages”), and for lost and unrecovered economic value
in respect of the Rental Property arising from, among other defaults, my failure to meet rental payment
obligations under the Lease Agreement, including past due rent, unpaid rent, Fees, costs, expenses and
cancellation and other penalties (“Loss of Rent Expenses”) up to the Coverage Amount only. If I maintain a
cash Security Deposit with the Landlord, it will be applied to any Damages, Loss of Rent Expenses, and/or
Fees before the Insurer will pay on the remainder of the Landlord’s claim.
CULRR-NATL-TAG (09-21) Page 3 of 6

--- Page 4 ---

3. Landlord claim for coverage . The Policy sets forth a process through which the Landlord may submit a
claim for Damages or Loss of Rent Expenses. If the Landlord complies with those requirements, and no
exclusion under the Policy applies, the Insurer will make prompt payment directly to the Landlord even if
you dispute the Landlord’s entitlement to payment. If you dispute the Landlord’s right to all or any portion of
the Damages or Loss of Rent Expenses claimed by the Landlord under the Policy, you may present
evidence to the Insurer, through Rhino, for the Insurer’s consideration or reconsideration as the case may
be. If the Insurer accepts that you are not responsible under the Lease Agreement for all or part of the
Damages or Loss of Rent Expenses claimed by or paid to the Landlord, the Insurer will either deny the
Landlord’s claim or, if payment has already been made, forego subrogation against you under the Policy as
described in Section B.4. of this Agreement for all or such part of the Damages or Loss of Rent Expenses
successfully disputed. Any dispute you may continue to have with the Insurer’s determination shall be
resolved pursuant to the Dispute Resolution provisions of the Policy as described in Section B.6. of this
Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that you have an ongoing duty to cooperate with all reasonable
requests by the Insurer as it evaluates coverage under the Policy.
4. Tenant Reimbursement Obligation .
4.1. For each valid claim asserted by the Landlord and for which a loss payment is made under the Policy,
4.1.1. I agree and commit that I will be obligated to pay the Insurer the amount of the claim up to the
Coverage Amount (the “Tenant Reimbursement Amount”) independent of any rights or
obligations I may have under the Lease Agreement. Payment of such Tenant Reimbursement
Amount will be due to the Insurer no later than sixty (60) days from the notification for
reimbursement by or on behalf of the Insurer.
4.1.2. I acknowledge and understand payment of the Tenant Reimbursement Amount may be made
through various methods including but not limited to credit card, debit card, checking account, or
savings account transfers. Certain methods may incur additional fees. Installment plans may be
available.
4.1.3. If I fail to make such payment to the Insurer within such time frame, the Insurer will have the
right to commence a proceeding against me and may recover the amount due plus all attorneys’
fees and costs of collection.
4.2. I agree and commit that I will be obligated to pay the Insurer the Tenant Reimbursement Amount if I
renew or extend my Lease Agreement with the Landlord, and I do not execute a new Agreement with
respect to such renewal or extension, as set forth in Section B.1.2.7 above.
4.3. If the Insurer makes a demand from me for a Tenant Reimbursement Amount, Tenant
Reimbursement Amount will be due to the Insurer
4.3.1. I hereby authorize anyone to furnish the Insurer or its agent (or its and their employees, agents
and assigns) any information that will assist the Insurer in collecting the money I owe to the
Insurer; and
4.3.2. I acknowledge and agree that the Landlord is not and shall not be a party to, and is not and shall
not be responsible in any way for, the actions that the Insurer or its Agent takes during any
collection efforts.
5. Multiple co-tenants . If I am sharing the Rental Property with one or more co-tenants, I understand and
agree that the Insurer will be able to seek the full performance of all obligations under theL ease Agreement,
the Policy, and this Agreement from me, even if a co-tenant may be responsible for any Damages, Loss of
Rent Expenses, or any other failure to perform any obligation under the Lease Agreement or obligation
under this Agreement.
6. Dispute Resolution .
CULRR-NATL-TAG (09-21) Page 4 of 6

--- Page 5 ---

6.1. Disputes or controversies between the Landlord and me that do not involve the Insurer, except insofar
as I may dispute claims for Damages, Loss of Rent Expenses, or Fees directly with the Insurer as
provided for in the Policy and described in Section B.4. of this Agreement, may be resolved in any
manner and in any forum allowed by the Lease Agreement as governed by Applicable Law. For the
avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall restrict my right to seek relief against the Landlord in Small
Claims Court, Housing Court or such other courts as may routinely hear disputes over rental properties
or Security Deposits. However, any attempt by either the Landlord or me to bring the Insurer (which
for all purposes of this Section B.6 shall include Rhino and any person affiliated with the Insurer or
Rhino) into such proceeding as a party shall be void. Any proceeding against the Insurer shall be
resolved pursuant to the provisions of the Policy described in Sections B.6.2. through B.6.5. of this
Agreement.
6.2. Any dispute or controversy, or portion of a dispute or controversy, arising out of or relating to (i) the
legality of the Policy or this Agreement, (ii) an alleged breach of the Policy or this Agreement, (iii) the
interpretation or construction of the Policy, this Agreement, the documents ancillary to the application
for and formation of the Policy, including but not limited to this Agreement, advertising collateral, and
the sayrhino.com website (including its terms of use), (iv) the acceptance by the Landlord of the Policy
in lieu of a Security Deposit or other alternative, and (iv) the inducement and decision of the Tenant to
enter into this Agreement will be resolved through individual arbitration. In arbitration, there is no judge
or jury and there is less discovery and less appellate review than in court.
6.2.1. As used herein, “dispute” and “controversy” shall be interpreted broadly and shall include: (a) any
claim for relief or theory of liability, whether based in contract, tort, statute or otherwise; (b) any
disputes or controversies that arose before the PolicyInception Date; (c) any claims or
controversies that arise after the expiration or termination of the Policy; and (d) any claims that
are the subject of class action litigation. “Dispute” and “controversy” shall not, however, include
claims that relate solely to the collection of any debts that the Landlord owes to the Insurer or
that the Tenant owes to the Insurer under the Policy.
6.2.2. Notwithstanding anything in the dispute resolution provisions of the Policy, as described in
Section B.6. of this Agreement, to the contrary, the Landlord, the Tenant, or the Insurer may
bring an individual action in small claims court if the amount claimed is within the jurisdiction of
that court.
6.2.3. This arbitration agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Arbitrations shall be
administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) pursuant to its Consumer
Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules”) as modified by the version of this arbitration provision that is
in effect when notice of a Dispute is given. The AAA Rules can be obtained from the AAA by
visiting its website (www.adr.org) or calling its toll-free number (1-800-778-7879). Unless the
Insurer and the Landlord agree otherwise, any arbitration hearing will take place in the county
where the Rental Property is located. The arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court with
appropriate jurisdiction.
6.2.4. Parties to arbitration may be represented by counsel and shall be responsible for their own
attorneys’ fees and costs. The parties to arbitration shall share equally in the costs of the
proceeding itself. Notwithstanding anything in this arbitration agreement to the contrary, the
Insurer will pay any fees and costs that it is required by law to pay.
6.2.5. DISPUTES IN ARBITRATION ARE RESOLVED WITHOUT A JURY TRIAL. WHETHER IN
ARBITRATION OR COURT, THE LANDLORD, THE TENANT, AND THE INSURER WAIVE THE
RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
6.3. WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT, THE LANDLORD, THE TENANT, AND THE INSURER
WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PROSECUTE OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, COLLECTIVE
ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. THE LANDLORD, THE TENANT, AND THE
INSURER MAY SEEK RELIEF ONLY ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT
NECESSARY TO REMEDY INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THE POLICY
OR THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS A MATERIAL AND
ESSENTIAL PART OF AND CANNOT BE SEVERED FROM THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
6.4. The dispute resolutions provisions of the Policy and this Agreement shall survive the cancellation or
expiration of the Policy and/or this Agreement, as applicable.
CULRR-NATL-TAG (09-21) Page 5 of 6

--- Page 6 ---

6.5. The Policy and this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state in which the Rental Property
is located, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Further, pursuant to any statute of any state,
territory or District of the United States which makes provision then, the Insurer designates the
Superintendent, Commissioner or Director of Insurance or other officer specified for that purpose in the
statute, or his successor or successors in office, as their true and lawful attorney upon whom may be
served any lawful process in any action, suit or proceeding instituted by or on behalf of the Landlord or
any beneficiary hereunder, arising out of the Policy and/or this Agreement, as applicable.
7. Integration . This Agreement, as incorporated in the Policy, is the entire agreement between me and the
Insurer. I expressly state and acknowledge that I am not relying on any other written or oral promises,
statements or understandings not contained in this Agreement or the Policy, and no such other statements,
promises or understandings shall be part of this Agreement, as incorporated in the Policy.
8. Severability . If any provision (or portion of a provision) of the Policy or this Agreement shall be held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable according to the laws, regulations or public policy of any jurisdiction, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions (and such portions of provisions) shall in no way
be affected or impaired thereby, and such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of such provision (or such
portion of a provision) in such jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision
(or such portion of a provision) in any other jurisdiction, in each case, unless the unenforceability thereof
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on a party hereto, in which case such
party’s consent thereto shall be required in order for this Agreement to continue in effect.
9. Contact Information . For all other notices to Rhino, please visit the website
https://support.sayrhino.com/hc/en-us/categories/360003291332-Contact-us for more information on how to
e-mail or live chat, contact Rhino at (844) 844-3188, or by mailing a written request to Rhino at 99 Wall St
#1504, New York, NY 10005.
RHINO NEW YORK LLC (RHINO INSURANCE AGENCY in California) as Coverholder for CLEAR BLUE
SPECIALTY INSURANCE COMPANY
Signed By:
Print Name: Benjamin Lantos
Title: Authorized Signatory
Acknowledged and agreed, on this 29 day of September, 2022 by
Tenant
Signed By: Digitally Signed By Kirk McGee
Print Name: Kirk McGee
CULRR-NATL-TAG (09-21) Page 6 of 6